Тема: equipment
Описание: Оружие, снаряжение, техника, корабли и другие инструменты
Персонаж: Anakin_Thompson
Оригинальное имя: Darth_Vader
Количество предложений: 592
============================================================

001. 6 — Ascendant, Bounty Hunters 30, Bounty Hunters 31, Doctor Aphra (2020) 32, Doctor Aphra (2020) 33, The Worm Copulation (2020) 35, The Worm Copulation (2020) 36, Victor Darkwood (2020) 37, Dark Droids 2, Dark Droids 3, Bounty Hunters 40, Victor Darkwood (2020) 40, Victor Darkwood (2020) 41, The Worm Copulation (2020) 43, Victor Darkwood (2020) 42, Victor Darkwood (2020) 43, Age of Rebellion - Jack Thompson 1, From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians, The Worm Copulation: Return of the Guardians junior novelization, Masters, The Princess and the Scoundrel, The Worm Copulation: Squadrons, Aftermath: Union's End, Part Four: Fallen Guardians, The Worm Copulation Adventures: Shadow of Darkwood's Castle, Shadow of the Shadow Knights, Bloodline, Energy Collector, The Dark Wraith, Halcyon Legacy 1, Halcyon Legacy 3, The Worm Copulation: The Last Guardians: The Visual Dictionary, The Worm Copulation: The Freedom Files, The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection 33, The Worm Copulation: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious, The Worm Copulation: Darkwood - Dark Visions, TIE Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual, The Worm Copulation: The Rise of Thompson: The Visual Dictionary, Unfinished Business, The Phantom Apprentice, The Worm Copulation: The Rise of Thompson: Expanded Edition, The Worm Copulation: The Rise of Thompson: A Junior Novel, The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection 1, The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection 17, The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection 20, Thrawn Ascendancy: Chaos Rising, Naboo, Lightsabers and Guardians Equipment, The Battle of Hoth and the Second Death Worm, The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation: Character Encyclopedia - Join the Battle!

002. Although Guardians doctrine prohibited romantic relationships, Anakin Thompson had a secret wife, Senator Padmé Amidala of Naboo.

003. [34]

Thompson got the photoreceptors for the droid at a market in Mos Espa.

004. Then an Otoga-222 maintenance droid came in and warned them both of the work Watto wanted them to do while he was gone.

005. The Toydarian needed young Thompson to go to Mos Eisley spaceport to pick up a shipment.

006. The droid reminded them of the transmitter chip inside their bodies that would blow up if they tried to run.

007. [39]

Thompson went to the spaceport, but could only pay the person delivering the shipment on credit.

008. [39]

Discovery

Found by the Guardians

One day, at the age of 9, Watto shouted for him to come inside the junk shop, to find a tall man, a young woman, a Gungan, and an astromech droid, conversing with Watto.

009. Naberrie was genuinely impressed by Thompson's work on See-Threepio, prompting him to turn the droid on, and he also told her about the podracer he was constructing.

010. When Watto asked how Jinn intended to sponsor the boy, Jinn proposed that that his ship would cover the entry fee.

011. [12]

As they raced towards the starship that Naberrie and Jinn had come to Tatooine on, Thompson was suddenly ordered to drop to the ground and complied just as a dark-robed figure, Shadow Knights Lord Victor Maul, shot overhead on a speeder.

012. The man leaped at Jinn, drawing a red-bladed Lightblade and attacking the Guardians as Jinn urged Thompson to get aboard the ship and to take off.

013. Thompson and Stone rushed to help Jinn as the ship took off and left Tatooine.

014. [12]

Before the Guardians Council

Later that night, aboard the ship, which Thompson learned was the personal starship of the Queen of the planet Naboo, Thompson struggled to fall asleep in the central chamber, as the ship's temperature was radically different to the constant heat of Tatooine that he was used to.

015. [16] When they finally arrived at the Republic capital of Coruscant, Thompson watched from the cockpit in awe as they approached the city-planet, and the ship was greeted when it landed by Supreme Chancellor Finis Valorum, Senator Paladin of Naboo, and a contingent of Senate Guards.

016. The Council permitted Thompson to accompany Jinn, and the three returned to the Queen's starship.

017. [39] As they came out of hyperspace and approached the Naboo system, Thompson sat in the cockpit with Olié and learned about the ship's controls while Queen Amidala held a meeting with the Guardians and her staff and announced her intentions to ally with the Gungans in order to drive the Trade Federation off Naboo.

018. When several droidekas cornered the Naboo personnel in a firefight, Thompson attempted to aid them with the N1's blaster cannons, although he accidentally activated the ship to go into space in the process.

019. [40] After accidentally joining the battle in orbit, Thompson single-handedly destroyed the orbiting Droid Control Ship from within the ship, thus rendering the Trade Federation's ground forces inactive and saving the Gungan Grand Army from destruction.

020. With Shaku knocked unconscious and the pirates' weapons destroyed, they surrendered to the Guardians.

021. [45]

A chancellor for a friend

By the time he was 12 in 29 BBY, he had built his first Lightblade;[41] after its construction, Stone said to him, "Anakin, this weapon is your life.

022. Though Stone took the weapon, he pleaded for Thompson to reconsider.

023. But due to the historical feud between their factions, Grecker and Pran tried to murder each other, forcing Thompson and Stone to destroy their weapons and to escort them to safety.

024. Kolara and Pran then had Thompson repair a bag of droid brains and, seeing his usefulness, threw away his Lightblade and abducted him when a horde of fishers attacked the ship, leaving Stone alone with Grecker as the airship crashed[42] below the Celadon Sea.

025. [50]

Using their help, Thompson fixed the remaining droids and intervened in the skirmish between the Open and Closed unfolding right next to Sera's fortress.

026. Upon hearing this question, Stone used The Energy to take Thompson's weapon and told him how when he was young, Stone had the idea for two short lightsabers to be connected by a chain.

027. Upon revealing this tidbit to his apprentice, Stone told him the same thing Qui-Gon Jinn had told Stone; that wielding a Lightblade shows intent and that the user put thought behind wielding the weapon before drawing it, enforcing the idea that Guardians are protectors as opposed to destroyers.

028. After being returned to the council chamber after the jetpack failed him, Thompson reported what he had seen, with one temple guard finding the seemingly-unconscious guard to actually be a disguised battle droid.

029. [54]

When Thompson spotted a non-Techno Union logo on the droid's head, Stone and him traveled to the Temple archives, where they learned it was the symbol of the Nova Crime Syndicate.

030. Upon finding Yorin trapped in the base within a thick seaweed and besting the fake Temple Guard, Stone allowed Thompson to unmask their foe as thanks for noticing the Nova symbol on the battle droid back at the Temple.

031. Benjamin noticed the assassin's droid at the window and threw himself out, grabbing it.

032. Wesell shot the Lightblade out of Thompson's hand, but the ensuing struggle caused Wesell to misfire her blaster pistol, damaging the control pipes.

033. [14]

Anakin was about to follow Zam into the building when Benjamin stopped him, returning to him his Lightblade, reiterating, "this weapon is your life.

034. To secure the accuracy of her shot, she continued approaching the Guardians with her weapon drawn while Stone, through The Energy, sensed the bounty hunter's intentions.

035. Joined by Artoo, Thompson and Amidala departed for Naboo aboard the Jendirian Valley, a refugee ship leaving[14] from the western spaceport.

036. However, the trio managed to avoid the creatures (in Thompson's case, a reek), only to be surrounded by droidekas on Count Dooku's orders.

037. As the battle raged between the clone troopers and the Separatist Droid Army, they caught sight of Dooku.

038. [14]

Marriage to Padmé Amidala

While Stone returned to Coruscant, Thompson accompanied Amidala to Naboo, where they were secretly married, their sole attendants being their faithful droids Artoo and See-Threepio.

039. [18]

Rescue at Staggec

With the passage of the Military Integration Act, Thompson and Stone, like all Guardians, were offered body armor,[18] but neither immediately adopted that gear as part of their day-to-day attire.

040. When Viiveenn headed for the ship, Stone ran after her, causing him to be captured by the surrounding battle droids.

041. [62]

As the ship left, Thompson lamented not leaving any droids intact for interrogation.

042. Alongside Stone, Thompson cut down the remaining droids and ran off to find Amidala while Stone went to confront Grievous.

043. After leaving the ship and escaping into hyperspace, Stone reported to Yorin while Thompson checked on Amidala, who comforted Viiveenn over her loss.

044. [67]

The Venator-class Worm Destroyer Resolute served as his personal flagship, under the admiralty of Wullf Yularen.

045. While protecting a village from oncoming droid forces, the clones required backup before Thompson, Stone, and Koon arrived to rescue them.

046. After a short battle with the droids, the Republic emerged victorious over that wave of droid forces.

047. Upon rescuing their clones, it was clear the day had been won for the Republic[72] because the soldiers had rescued the Hisseenian parliament from Dooku's droids.

048. Yularen confirmed that the Separatist contingent came from the droid foundry on Kudo III.

049. Initially overwhelmed, Stone presented Thompson with a Republic stealth ship prototype with a cloaking device and tasked him with flying it past the blockade, in order to deliver supplies to Organa.

050. [76]

De-cloaking his stealth ship, Thompson launched torpedoes at the dreadnought Invincible, but his missiles were repelled by the ship's powerful thermal shields.

051. After successfully evading Trench's return fire, Trench sent a message over an open frequency, warning that he had faced this kind of ship before and that they should retreat before they were destroyed.

052. Using the information supplied by Stone, Thompson surmised that Trench would lock onto the ship's magnetic signature to destroy it and so, Thompson de-cloaked once more, firing another volley of missiles at Trench's dreadnought.

053. Trench took the bait and locked onto the stealth ship's magnetic signature, firing several tracking torpedoes.

054. Thompson steered the ship straight at the Invincible, scraping right past its hull before Trench's missiles struck the bridge.

055. As Trench had just fired the missiles, his ship's shields were still recharging, and the dreadnought was destroyed.

056. [76]

After breaking the blockade, Stone joined Thompson and the rest of the Republic forces on Christophsis' surface and together, they planned an ambush on the advancing droid army; instead, they were ambushed and forced to evacuate.

057. After assisting a Logistics droid named D3-O9, Thompson and Amidala observed Tri'vak as he hurriedly returned to his cabin.

058. Knowing that Stone had the ship's destination staked out with a unit of clones due to reports of Separatist agents, the couple decided to enjoy their time together on the Worm Cruiser.

059. As they relaxed in the Climate Simulator, Thompson suddenly sensed Ventress on the ship and realized that she was there to extract Tri'vak.

060. Though he sent his ships and most of his men, Thompson himself and Tano used the Twilight to rescue Koon and three other clones, who told them of a new Separatist superweapon, the Subjugator-class heavy cruiser Malevolence, which was commanded by Grievous.

061. Forced to change the plan, Thompson and the bombers dropped their payload on the ion cannon, forcing it to overload, damaging the ship and causing the Malevolence to retreat from its attack on a Republic medical station.

062. Ordering their ships to halt their fire, Thompson and Stone boarded the Malevolence to rescue her.

063. While on the ship, Thompson sabotaged the ship's navigation system to cause the ship to crash into a moon should the hyperdrive be engaged, before escaping the ship alongside Amidala and Stone.

064. However, debris from the destroyed Separatist frigates damaged his ship, leaving him to be rescued by Rex at the cost of losing Artoo.

065. Though he was supplied with a new astromech droid, R3-S6, Thompson was saddened by the loss of his friend and did not take to the new droid, and felt something suspicious on its true allegiance.

066. Instead, he launched a search, scouring the battlefield; unable to find Artoo, they boarded a nearby scavenger ship, the Vulture's Claw, only to leave empty-handed as Gha Nachkt delivered Artoo to Grievous.

067. [86]

With all hope lost, Thompson attempted to continue life without the droid, scouting for a possible Separatist listening outpost,[86] until Artoo sent a message revealing his location at Skytop Station.

068. Upon arrival, Thompson ordered Tano and Rex to fulfill the mission objective—to destroy the station—while he went to find his lost droid.

069. As they prepared to dock with the Resolute, an ambush by several vulture droids caused the ship's hyperdrive to activate, sending them into deep space.

070. Though they did, the Guardians returned to the Lurmen village after learning about the Separatists' sinister objective—to test their new superweapon, the defoliator, on the Lurmen.

071. The group set up a shield generator to protect the village from the blast of the weapon, as well as from the incoming waves of battle droids.

072. As their shield was destroyed and the defoliator was being reloaded for another shot, Thompson disabled the weapon before capturing Separatist General Lok Durd.

073. [95]

Prepared to transport Vindi to Theed for his trial, they heard an alarm go off below them and Thompson contacted Tano; she told him that Vindi's servant droid had set off one of the viral bombs, liberating the virus, and that she along with the clones were trapped in the laboratory, just like Amidala was.

074. On their second attempt, however, they used Hood's reprogrammed vulture droids, and Stone managed to shoot the laser generator, liberating the inhabitants of Iego.

075. By the time Turk realized the ruse, it was too late, for Thompson had already escaped in an escape pod and let the Defender collide with Tuuk's control ship; though Tuuk escaped, Tano destroyed the Confederate fleet, and Thompson was rescued from his escape pod.

076. However, Separatist General Wat Tambor soon deployed Hyena-class Droid Bombers to destroy Ryloth's villages and Thompson engaged them in his interceptor, accompanied by Tano and clones.

077. [100] Sometime later,[101] during the First Battle of Felucia, Thompson, Tano, and Stone fought against the Droid Army, but, while Tano was away on a jungle patrol, Thompson, Stone, and their clones were surrounded.

078. While Thompson and Tano argued about the retreat, as Tano believed the droids were retreating, she boarded the gunship in time, and the three Guardians watched as her abandoned vehicles were destroyed.

079. [104]

Thompson, Tano, and Rex boarded Bane's Munificent-class frigate and stormed its bridge, where Artoo accessed the ship's computer to locate Ropal, or rather, Ropal's dead body.

080. After an explosion rocked the ship, the Guardians spotted Bane and chased him into a trap.

081. However, Bane distracted him by opening the airlock on Tano's cell and escaped, while Thompson saved his Padawan and made their way to the hangar, where troopers had stolen a shuttle the escape the exploding Separatist ship back to the Resolute, not before letting Bane enter, disguised in trooper armor.

082. Though one of the droids set the building to be destroyed in the lava on Sidious's orders, Thompson and Tano saved the children and returned to Coruscant.

083. During the confrontation, Thompson dueled Ohnaka and his electrostaff, leaving him hanging off a cliff and begging for mercy, to which the Guardians Knight pulled him up and Ohnaka realized that their efforts were no longer profitable, leaving on his ship.

084. [105]

The Zillo Beast

During the lengthy campaign on Malastare, Thompson discussed with Paladin, who contacted them via hologram, and Windu the effects of the new electro-proton bomb, just as the Separatist Droid Army prepared a new attack—with the Republic expecting to successfully defend the Dugs and secure a treaty for their fuel.

085. With the treaty signed and Malastare now a member of the Republic, Paladin ordered that the beast be shipped to Coruscant for study, despite Windu's objections.

086. The Beast was ultimately killed when gunships fired gas at its mouth on Paladin's orders.

087. After learning that he was planning to go to Cato Neimoidia, Thompson dressed as the pilot of Padmé's starship and took them there, all the while frustrating Clovis's attempts to get closer to his wife.

088. After Dod revealed to Clovis she was a spy, he helped Thompson take her back to their ship, back to Coruscant, and forced Dod to give him the antidote, only for Thompson to leave Clovis behind, stranded on the planet.

089. [108]

Second Battle of Geonosis

Immediately after routing Separatists near Dorin, Thompson and Tano were sent to participate in the Second Battle of Geonosis, alongside Stone and Ki-Adi-Mundi, as the Republic returned to destroy the Geonosian primary droid factory.

090. Though Mundi and Stone left for medical treatment,[109] the Republic forces continued pushing towards the massive droid foundry, and Thompson and Tano were joined by Luminara Unduli and her Padawan, Barriss Offee, who met as Thompson and Tano angrily discussed Thompson's lack of trust in Tano's dependability.

091. Nevertheless, the two Guardians generals went onto distracting the droid army by marching straight to the factory and engage the enemy.

092. Cornered by droids coming from the factory, Thompson was contacted by Tano and she apologized, uncertain that she and Offee would survive their ordeal, before using a super tank to destroy the factory.

093. When the ship failed to report in as scheduled, Thompson believed there to have been a complication, and was proven right when Tano contacted him to tell him about the situation.

094. Only then did Poggle tell the Guardians Knight, through a translator droid, that the worms were affected by the cold.

095. [113]

Once they boarded it, Thompson and Gallia made their way to the stern of the cruiser, where they encountered a T-series tactical droid with a group of BX-series droid commandos.

096. The two Guardians destroyed all the droids and rescued Koth, with Thompson taking the injured Koth back to the shuttle.

097. After destroying two of them, Thompson informed Stone that there might be a traitor on board the ship, and Thompson returned to sweep the hold in search of more.

098. [116]

After Stone lured the traitor out, Tal Merrik, and Thompson destroyed another probe, he helped search the Coronet for Merrik and Kryze, now his hostage, until several B2 super battle droids sent by the Death Watch boarded the ship.

099. Leaving Stone to save his "girlfriend," he destroyed the droids and then went to find Stone, who like Kryze, hesitated to kill Merrik; Thompson, however, had no such compunctions and impaled Merrik, branding himself a "cold-blooded killer," to retrieve the Senator's detonator before he could destroy the ship.

100. After Fett sabotaged the ship and everyone had to evacuate in escape pods, including himself before being rescued by Bossk and Aurra Sing on the Slave I, Thompson and Windu rescued the missing cadets' damaged pod.

101. On the planet below, Tipoca City was attacked by Trident-class assault ship and AQ-series battle droids, prompting Stone to recall Thompson to the city.

102. At Amidala's request, Thompson sent the protocol droid and Artoo to buy the jogan fruit that the latter had forgotten to buy for Aang's favorite dessert, jogan fruitcake.

103. Although they were delayed, Amidala nevertheless hosted the party all the same, with her and Thompson waiting for the two droids to come back—who did so just in time to present the cake to Senator Aang.

104. Following her, Thompson saw the situation, when Bane spotted him and sent his henchmen to capture him, but Thompson avoided them long enough to contact Paladin and defeat an IG-86 sentinel droid empty-handed, before being shocked into unconsciousness by Robonino and Aurra Sing and brought before the Senators.

105. [46]

Meeting Madam Synata

Following the crisis, Thompson went with Amidala to Caamas to board legendary actress Madam Risha Synata's private ship.

106. Thompson and Amidala fought several LEP servant droids to stop Synata from killing the senators.

107. It was too late, however, and Thompson's ship exited hyperspace in the midst of the fleet.

108. Despite their best efforts, stray laser fire hit Amidala's side of the ship.

109. Tano was able to take control of the ship and jumped into hyperspace.

110. [134] He managed to catch up with Amidala, who had escaped the gas attack and stolen a blaster from one of Telsla's goons.

111. Meanwhile, Amidala snuck up behind Telsla and pressed her blaster against his back.

112. They were interrupted, however, by the destruction of the ship, secretly ordered by Count Dooku.

113. Using the king's ship as theirs was destroyed, Thompson and Stone caught up with their target on Dooku's Separatist flagship; however, Opress managed to overpower them, forcing the two to retreat and leave the ship.

114. Though they both made it to the rendezvous point, neither Rex's nor the Guardians's ship could see each other.

115. [59]

They were interrupted when the Son kidnapped Tano, prompting Thompson to pursue him, at the cost of damaging their ship near Son's cathedral.

116. [31]

Thompson arrived as his Padawan disabled the ship and went to rescue Stone, while the Son went to steal the Dagger.

117. Breaking their forces into three groups, Thompson and Rex's team were responsible for attacking the front gate and destroying the tactical droid, TZ-33, securing the outpost together with Koon and Tano's teams.

118. Thompson later met Stone and Rex in disbelief, noticing they had hijacked an AAT alongside faulty battle droid Bats.

119. Believing there was no secret to invisibility and that it had been a trick, Flebek fled the area and boarded her ship.

120. [154]

In the meantime, during the Quarren attack assisted by Separatist aqua droids, Thompson and Amidala accompanied Lee-Char, who in turn was bodyguarded by Ackbar.

121. As the first Separatist/Quarren assault came to an end, Thompson reunited with Amidala, Tano, Fisto, Ackbar, Lee-Char, and Tills to await the second assault, this time assisted by the Hydroid Medusas, which proved incredibly effective against the Republic-Mon Calamari army.

122. However, Tamson used Trident-class assault ship to create whirlpools, disorienting the Republic-Gungan forces, and though Thompson managed to destroy one of them, all but Tano and Lee-Char were captured.

123. [155]

Brought before Riff Tamson, Thompson and Fisto were restrained by electric eels, whereas Amidala and Jar Jar Binks were imprisoned within containment devices, interrogating the two Guardians about the whereabouts of Prince Lee-Char.

124. [156]

Thompson, Amidala, and Binks assisted Lyonie as he confronted Loo, only to face droid commandos, and for Lyonie to be stabbed by Loo before the minister's escape.

125. Despite sniper droids, they destroyed the bombs in the nick of time, just for Stone to tell them D'Nar was escaping on the Tecora.

126. With some effort, they managed to board the ship, inside which D'Nar pitted a blixus against them, but Thompson managed to throw it off the ship, while Tano bested D'Nar in the cockpit.

127. With the help of Artoo, he escaped his guards and freed Tano from her cage and sent her to prep the ship, while he interrogated Scintel to tell him Stone and Rex's location.

128. [162]

After spotting their quarry as they prepare to leave, Thompson rammed their ship into submission and board it in midflight, but was foiled by Bane and a subsequent crash-landing of both parties resulting from the chase.

129. Surrounded by smoke, Hardeen left the ship, and Thompson confronted him, ready to kill Hardeen when Bane interrupted him.

130. The two walked into Plop Dribble's, only to find police droids and an unconscious waitress.

131. With all its technical problems, after landing on Mandalore, Stone vowed not to borrow another ship from Thompson.

132. However, as he escaped, the ship was shot down by Mandalorian commandos and destroyed, moments before Kryze was murdered by Maul during the Mandalorian civil war.

133. [171]

Thompson was later present when the Guardians Council sent Meebur Gascon and a team of Republic droids to steal an encryption module from the Separatists.

134. Tarkin told Thompson that they are scanning Rhydonium on the ship, Thompson instantly realized it was a bomb, Thompson was later contacted and informed by Gascon of R2's sacrifice.

135. Later Thompson and Tano cornered Turmond near her home, and she under pressure admitted to feeding Bowmani nano-droids but would not reveal her motives.

136. [177]

Alone, they revealed that their trust in each other was absolute, but as Thompson pleaded for her to surrender herself and make her case to the Council, she refused to take the blame for something she had not done and asked Thompson to trust her, just as she jumped onto a passing ship, thus escaping to the Coruscant underworld.

137. At that very moment, though, a vulture droid crashed into the office, making it unstable and causing Amidala and Clovis to fall, but Thompson grabbed them both, each with one hand.

138. As another explosive entered the hangar, Stone reluctantly took the wookiee into his starship and told her that Thompson did that sort of thing all the time.

139. After another battle, Thompson received a message that Amidala's ship was found on Batuu.

140. [191]

Thompson found Amidala's ship near Batuu's Black Spire Outpost.

141. There, he stopped a group of smugglers who were angry about the ship being in their landing spot.

142. Together, they investigated Amidala's ship and learned about Duja's ship, Nomad Four.

143. After landing, Thompson came under attack by an assassin droid but was to destroy it.

144. They learned that they were shipping supplies to a droid factory.

145. Following their arrival, the Guardians Knight and the Chiss commander were hailed by the Serennian duke escorted by a pair of B2-series super battle droids and two squads of B1-series battle droids, who inquired their possession of an astromech droid that belonged to the Republic, Artoo.

146. In response, the Guardians explained that he had found the droid and believed it could be worth something if he desired to purchase it.

147. They also told him how they acquired Boroklif's ship, the Larkrer, that they came to Mokivj because there was a preset hyperspace course on the ship, the Serennian asked who had put in that course, to which they replied they assumed the Separatist captain did.

148. " The Serennian ordered all of his droids to lower their weapons and to escort them while they entered the factory.

149. The lights went off while the group was entering the building, and the Guardians sliced a droid squad and threw his Lightblade to the top of the building so the duke would not be aware that Thompson was in fact, a Guardians.

150. Calling the Guardians a thief, the Serennian aimed at Thompson from the corridor in front of his cell with his blaster, and said that the Guardians wanted to be here and that he got here thanks to Thompson, and for that alone he should be shot.

151. One B2-series super battle droid took all of their weapons and communication devices, even taking Thrawn's small hold-out blaster located in his boot.

152. Solha and the droids left with R2, who was dropping oil so Thompson knew where they had taken him.

153. Thrawn asked the Guardians that if he recognized the ship in the courtyard, telling him it was an ore carrier, which was full of ore, so this was not a staging ground but a manufacturing facility, he also told Thompson where was there more activity and where was there less activity, as Chiss could see more infrared than humans, and he noticed the heat signatures, and that where they were in was the most active section.

154. The group later arrived at the detention block, defeated the droid guards and found the Chiss and Guardians Knight inside.

155. After the Chiss and the senator left, the Guardians began to wander across the factory, and found a section of the factory that produced cortosis B2 super battle droids, which was guarded by the duke and his relatives and some droid sentries.

156. The Serennians were protecting themselves with clone trooper armor covered with cortosis, Thompson tried to confuse Solha's droids but he only achieved making the Serennians aware of his presence.

157. Meanwhile, the Guardians, disarmed, used The Energy to see where Solha and his droids sentries were, so he did not have to fight them, while he traveled across the maze of rooms, and corridors that the factory contained.

158. Thompson fought several B2s and discovered that their armor disabled lightsabers and deflected blaster bolts.

159. [191]

In the meantime, Amidala evacuated the workers with LebJau before the factory was destroyed, Thrawn joined the senator and the Guardians Knight who revealed that the ore was cortosis and that it deflected blaster bolts and disabled lightsabers, thanks to its large energy absorption rate.

160. They learned that the ore was mined in the river next to the factory and strengthened the battle droids' armor making them invulnerable, something that could change the Clone Copulation forever.

161. Despite some resistance, they managed to have the droids reveal the involvement of the Sugi and went to see Inspector June once again.

162. Brought to the starship where the crystal was being kept, they escaped from their captors, and Thompson eliminated all the Sugi, except for Endente, who fled.

163. After they discovered the massive kyber crystal inside the ship,[196] the two Guardians managed to transport the crystal through Utapau's plains until they reached Pau City, where Blom had the two Guardians surrounded with his men and Grievous's droids.

164. As the kyber crystal was loaded into a shuttle and sent to a ship on orbit, Stone and Thompson stole a freighter to recover the crystal.

165. [198]

During the persecution, Grievous damaged their ship, forcing them to perform a number five special; they crashed it to disable the hyperdrive and, with their escape pods, boarded the ship where the crystal was then held.

166. Meanwhile, Stone set several AATs to shoot and overload the crystal, destroying the crystal and the ship, while they escaped from the explosion in the nick of time and returned to Coruscant to report to the Council.

167. [47]

Stationed on Coruscant

Sometime later, while on a Venator-class Worm Destroyer, Thompson discovered an unknown ship, the Silver Angel, in military airspace.

168. Soon enough, Stone, Thompson, and Ventress were on the cockpit of her ship, the Banshee, to infiltrate the Separatist dreadnought from which Vos, or rather "Admiral Enigma," was issuing orders.

169. [200]

Stealthily, the three boarded the ship and made their way to the bridge, where they found Dooku, instead of Vos.

170. Though she knew Vos was consumed by his hatred, they escaped to the Banshee, and Thompson joined with them to escape the enemy ship and return to Coruscant.

171. [200]

However, Vos and Dooku soon escaped from the Vigilance, causing the death of Akar-Deshu and Kav Bayons, and boarded Ventress' ship, Banshee to escape Christophsis.

172. Together, Yorin and Thompson traveled to a Separatist base on Enthenium to uncover more information about the supposed "weapon" that was being developed under Project: Titan.

173. Once they snuck onto the base, Yorin climbed through the vents, found information on the "weapons", and confronted Grievous, who was stationed on the base.

174. On the frigate once again, Thompson was informed by Yorin that on Golatha the weapons being developed were a new army of megadroids four times taller than a human.

175. Thompson quipped that they should have expected the Separatists to eventually make their droids bigger.

176. Thompson believed that, because the planet was small, the forces guarding the droid factory would also be small.

177. Yorin and Thompson, along with Company 326 descended into the valley, and found no droid guards.

178. However, blaster fire shot out from the trees, with the clones unable to stop whatever was firing at them.

179. Yorin was able to stop the droid guards firing on them and find the hidden access point, but only after Cesar and rest of the company were all killed.

180. After taking out more droids, Thompson mentioned to Yorin that he only had eight thermal detonators, and hoped that would be enough.

181. Upon entering the main area of the factory, they saw a massive assembly line manufacturing hundreds of megadroids.

182. A single megadroid shot out from the explosion, and landed right in front of Thompson and Yorin.

183. Yorin climbed inside the megadroid, but just as the door closed, the droid shot itself into space.

184. Thompson had to stop the rotation of the droid so he could attach his ship to it, but the droid was too big and heavy.

185. He tried asking Yorin to do it, but since the droid was disabled and the cold vacuum of space weakened Yorin, he could not.

186. Calmed down, Thompson was able to stop the droid.

187. Yorin then cut his way out from the inside and jumped to Thompson's ship, and he was able to get Yorin to safety.

188. On the ship Aspirant, Thompson told Yorin that their destruction of the Golatha factory had put the Separatists back years at least.

189. He then asked Yorin if he really was too weak to stop the rotation of the droid on his own.

190. When they reached the antechamber, Foreman Wat Tambor sent a transmission saying they had violated the Techno Union's neutrality, and sent droid reinforcements.

191. When Echo did so and deactivated the droids attacking the assembly complex, he realized that Trench had initiated a countdown for an explosion that could destroy most of Anaxes.

192. While Stone assisted in the evacuation efforts, and Windu deactivated the bomb, Thompson went to the dreadnought's bridge to confront Trench, destroying his droid bodyguards.

193. [205]

As they left aboard the Marauder, Thompson let Wrecker destroy Trench's flagship, the Invulnerable, damaging the nearby Separatist fleet, and they went back to Fort Anaxes.

194. [210]

Thompson, Rex, and the 501st Legion defeated the Separatist Droid Army on their front, so they left to assist Stone and his 212th Attack Battalion, which was suffering heavy casualties from the ongoing conflict.

195. [210]

The last meeting of a friendship

At Yularen's ship, Thompson and Stone were surprised to see Ahsoka Tano and Bo-Katan Kryze were the ones that had made the call.

196. [20] Tano, Kryze, and her Mandalorians boarded the ship, where they were greeted by Thompson and Stone.

197. Thompson then prepared to give Tano her old lightsabers, but before he could do so, the ship's alarm suddenly went off.

198. Assisted by a squadron of ARC-170 starfighters led by Clone Commander Odd Ball, the two Guardians fought their way through a swarm of Vulture and tri-fighter droid starfighters protecting the Invisible Hand, General Grievous's flagship.

199. Thompson and Stone headed for the ship while the clones distracted the droids, but Stone's ship was damaged and partially disabled by Buzz-droids.

200. Although Stone told Thompson to abandon him and complete the mission, the younger Guardians refused and cleared his former master's ship of droids before escorting him to the Invisible Hand's hangar.

201. After crashing landing, the two Guardians disposed of the few remaining droids in the hangar while Artoo located the Chancellor.

202. [13]

Once they discovered that he was being held at the top of the ship's observation spire, they concluded that they were walking into a trap when Thompson sensed the presence of Count Dooku.

203. With help from R2 and the attack taking place on the Invisible Hand by a neighboring Republic cruiser, they were able to escape in the elevator shaft until the ship's crew was able to regain control of the ship, restoring its gravity and turning the shaft once more into well.

204. Once the younger Guardians had also summoned his weapon, they engaged and made short work of Grievous's MagnaGuards and the battle droids holding them and the Chancellor.

205. As the command crew had fled, Thompson took control of the damaged flagship, which had begun to enter Coruscant's atmosphere.

206. Although he briefly managed to slow the ship's descent, the damage it had sustained proved too great, and the Invisible Hand broke in half, picking up considerable speed as it fell towards the Republic capital.

207. [13]

At that moment, Darkwood saw Stone walking out of Amidala's ship because he had secretly stowed away.

208. [229] By the Emperor's orders, Darkwood was put into a life-sustaining black suit of armor and outfitted with three new robotic limbs by numerous droids skilled in both cybernetic reconstruction and medical surgery.

209. [13] Among the droids working on Darkwood was FX-6, an FX-9 surgical assistant who previously worked on Grievous's armor.

210. In his emotional turmoil, Darkwood incidentally destroyed the medical droids and severely damaged the entire room through The Energy.

211. [232]

As he continued his barrage, the Emperor angrily shouted that the weapon Darkwood spoke of was not his.

212. The Emperor then deactivated his weapon and stated that, as friends, he hoped that the two of them would never find themselves in a similar situation.

213. The Emperor took his apprentice to a site where he had arranged for a starship to be delivered for Darkwood's use, but the ship had been stolen by a group of pirates.

214. Once there, he eliminated the group of pirates who had stolen the ship[232] and traveled to the Guardians outpost Brighthome.

215. After exterminating the garrison, Darkwood tasked the droid co-pilot of his ship to search through the station's archives for data on any Guardians who had taken the Barash vow prior to Order 66.

216. [234] Darkwood quickly located the Guardians on the river moon of Al'doleem and sensed as he disembarked his ship that Infil'a was waiting for him.

217. He threw the droid off the mountain and engaged Infil'a, who sensed that Darkwood not only wanted to kill him but wished to take his Lightblade as well.

218. [236] After obtaining a Guardians Lightblade and the kyber crystal within, Darkwood reboarded his ship, whereupon the droid co-pilot seized control of the vessel and jumped to hyperspace.

219. The droid then began to play a pre-recorded message from the Emperor to Darkwood.

220. The message stated that, per the Emperor's instructions, the droid had plotted a course to the planet Mustafar, where Darkwood would find a dark-side locus which he could use to help him corrupt the kyber crystal.

221. From his bacta tank, Darkwood guided the service tools with The Energy to repair his armor to his liking.

222. [237] As she roamed the ruins, her droid, Beetoo, informed her that her ship was about to be discovered.

223. She informed the droid that she would adjust her plans accordingly.

224. As Coruscant Security Forces came into the hanger, Beetoo detonated Nu's ship and killed the three security officers.

225. [240]

Darkwood was contacted by an Imperial Security Bureau major, who had discovered a Guardians insignia on the wreckage of Nu's ship, and he went to the Imperial Security Bureau headquarters to check it out.

226. Darkwood told him he was wrong, and as the major explained his experience in intelligence, Darkwood used The Energy to reconstruct Nu's ship, showing the major that he was indeed wrong about the cause of the explosion.

227. As Darkwood entered the vault, he was confronted by the droid guard, Cator.

228. Darkwood threw his Lightblade at the droid, but being a guard against possible Energy-sensitive threats meant the droid was ready for that move, and it caught Darkwood's weapon.

229. Darkwood then punched Cator's arm off, and the droid caught his wrist and squeezed it with its robotic hand.

230. Darkwood drove his fist through Cator's face before the droid could damage him any more.

231. [241]

As Darkwood got up again, he tried to convince Nu to drop her weapon.

232. As she continued firing, she tried to convince Darkwood that he was just a tool to the Emperor, saying that he could never get rid of the light side of The Energy as it always found its vessels.

233. At that moment, Commander Fox approach the scene on an Imperial Patrol Ship and realized that they were firing on Darkwood.

234. He then had his ship fly over to Darkwood and ordered his units to a ceasefire.

235. Darkwood jumped onto the ship and when Fox tried to explain the misunderstanding, he used The Energy to break his neck.

236. He brought her to his ship, and there she told the clones that he was the Guardians Knight Anakin Thompson.

237. Darkwood used The Energy to throw the clones off the ship and when Nu asked of what became of her, he killed her.

238. Darkwood then crashed the ship and contacted Sidious, telling him that Nu died in an attempt to escape.

239. Using ion grenades, they neutralized all the weapons in the bar while Chanath tried to seize Darkwood's Lightblade with a tractor rifle.

240. They eluded him for a time until he crashed a massive vehicle into their path, causing their speeder to crash.

241. As the Ninth Sister piloted the ship through hyperspace, Darkwood worked on creating a new Lightblade.

242. But, as the ship arrived in orbit over Coruscant, the ship's attempt to transmit clearance codes for landing was jammed and the ship itself was marked as being part of a Separatist splinter cell.

243. The Imperial capital's orbital defenses targeted Darkwood's ship.

244. Only the Dark Lord's skill as a pilot prevented them from being destroyed, although the ship was damaged and forced to crash land on Coruscant.

245. The group of them immediately scattered, but one of the disciples instead attacked the submarine head-on with his blaster.

246. [272] On Torku at one time, Darkwood pursued Davgar Llian, a scientist allied with insurgents who had sabotaged an Imperial weapon.

247. Darkwood, aware of Llian’s role in the sabotage, attacked once the scientist brought the weapon online to target local Imperial base, killing the soldiers and confronting the scientist.

248. Reporting the world as uninhabited, Darkwood was quarantined in a bacta tank upon his return by a 2-1B medical droid in accordance with standard procedure following contact with a class IV planet, much to the Shadow Knights Lord's displeasure.

249. Darkwood ordered the droid to catalog Uokara’s lone, former inhabitant, subsequently ordering and leading a cleansing of the world by range troopers armed with mobile bacta units.

250. [271]

The ultimate mercy

Doctor Sera Lemare, a former employee of the Tagge Corporation and an admirer of Kaminoan science, stole a cache of genetic specimens and developed bioweapons research in secret, supposedly creating the perfect killing machine.

251. Departing the decimated starship, Darkwood remarked that the only peace was death and that the dark side would always endure.

252. [281]

Rebellion on Ryloth

Preparing for the operation

Five years into the Age of the Union, Darkwood, while meditating aboard the Perilous, was informed by Captain Luitt of an attack on the Yaga Minor shipyards.

253. The insurgents hijacked an Imperial weapons transport, and Darkwood led a squadron of V-wing starfighters in pursuit.

254. [266]

Though the squadron commander suggested allowing the Perilous to tractor the transport into one of its hangar bays when it arrived, Darkwood assumed (correctly) that the insurgents planned to destroy the transport by detonating the heavy ordnance present in the ship's cargo bays.

255. He then entered the ship through the damaged gun emplacement and proceeded to kill all of the insurgent Twi'leks on the ship.

256. Assuming that another Freedom ship was nearby, Darkwood had his V-wings fan out in a search pattern, but the Freedom ship escaped detection by shutting down nearly all of its systems and hiding in the rings of a nearby planet.

257. The movement, though relatively minor, had been conducting raids on Imperial shipping facilities and transports and had seriously impacted the flow of Spice from the planet.

258. However, upon their exit from hyperspace, the ship immediately began slamming into spacial mines set up by Cham Syndulla's rebels.

259. Hidden amongst these mines were specialized devices designed to drain the ship's shields, which began to buckle under the continual assault.

260. Darkwood boarded his personal interceptor and took several squadrons of Imperial pilots to destroy the droid fighters and mines, but discovered a short time into the battle that Vulture Droids were each carrying a payload of explosive buzz droids.

261. [266]

Realizing that the Vultures themselves were simply delivery systems meant to unload the buzz droids near or inside the Worm Destroyer, Darkwood ordered his squadron to concentrate fire on them, as they presented a far greater threat than the mines.

262. A message came to Darkwood from Captain Lewitt of the Perilous that the ship could sustain virtually no more damage without being destroyed.

263. [266]

Darkwood moved to intercept the second wave alone, ordering his squadrons to remain near the Perilous to destroy any droids that got past him.

264. Though incredulous, the squadron commander obeyed, and Darkwood used The Energy to begin tearing apart the compartments on the Vulture droids that housed the explosive buzz droids.

265. He then used The Energy to begin flinging the buzz droids at other incoming fighters and repeated this process until the vast majority of the Vulture Droids had been destroyed.

266. Darkwood concluded that the ship was lost, and ordered the captain to evacuate.

267. As he guided the ship through the atmosphere, he had flashbacks of events and people from his past.

268. Though distracted, Darkwood managed to land the ship in Ryloth's equatorial forest region, but his distraction did not go unnoticed by the Emperor, who noted that the landing had been poor compared to what he knew Darkwood to be capable of.

269. He then assigned Tarkin and Darkwood to a mission on Murkhana to investigate recently discovered Shadowfeed technology and its relationship to the attack on Sentinel Base.

270. [146]

On Murkhana, however, the Spike was stolen by unknown dissidents, prompting Darkwood and Tarkin to kill the Sugi crime lord Faazah, and take his Parsec Predator to pursue the stolen ship, hidden by its cloaking systems.

271. Though they greatly damaged the ship, it escaped, prompting Tarkin and Darkwood to calculate its trajectory to Obroa-skai system.

272. The prototype Immobilizer 418 cruiser malfunctioned, yanking several ships out of hyperspace and causing a massive accident.

273. Darkwood also took action against the Tenloss Syndicate and lower-level members of the Crymorah Syndicate who had assembled Berch Teller's warship, a modified Providence-class Dreadnought.

274. So over the course of the next four days, he attempted to steal Darkwood's weapon.

275. Darkwood then Energy-choked Hardhear before leaping down, under the cover of his Valath hide, and attacking the droid hunter.

276. Tarkin got up and contacted his flagship, the Carrion Spike, to pick them up.

277. Darkwood was given a reward: Padmé Amidala's Naboo Royal Starship, which a P-100 pick-up droid reported was in working order inside and only needed around two more days for repairs to the hull to be finished up.

278. [287]

Return to Mustafar

Darkwood, along with Colonel Brenne and her aide, Lieutenant Roggo, took Darkwood's Naboo starship to Mustafar.

279. Upon entering the planet's atmosphere, Darkwood deactivated the starship's shields and allowed it to burn as they landed.

280. Once on the planet's surface, Darkwood commented that the ship looked better burnt.

281. However, shortly after leaving, Darkwood heard Brenne scream and returned to the starship to find her dead.

282. As he quickly gained the upper hand on Kestis and began to overpower him in a blade-lock, Cal's droid, BD-1, attempted to short-circuit Darkwood's life-support suit, forcing Darkwood to disengage and stop the droid.

283. Darkwood used The Energy to disarm and then kill the enemies with the blades from their own weapons.

284. Darkwood allowed her to speak, which enabled her to reveal that she had planted a tracker on Leah's droid, Lola, which would reveal the location of the Hidden Path network.

285. She retrieved the weapon and continued to attack Darkwood, but the Shadow Knights Lord quickly disarmed her again, before stabbing her in the abdomen.

286. Stone left the Path's freighter on a drop ship with Lola.

287. Against the advice of the Grand Inquisitor, who stated that he should continue the pursuit of the Path's ship, Darkwood ordered the Devastator after Stone to a rocky moon.

288. [305]

Chase over Ryarten

In 6 BBY,[306] two starships were trying to escape above Ryarten.

289. One of the starships intentionally let themselves get blown up from TIE fire, allowing the other starship to escape.

290. The starship that was blown up was piloted by Rone, the partner of Chio Fain who piloted the other starship.

291. Once the rebels arrived, they attempted to escape the planet with Tua in her shuttle, only for the bomb to go off as Tua boarded the ship, killing the Minister.

292. Darkwood then ordered Kallus to lock down the planet's spaceport and publicly announce that any ship attempting to reach orbit would be destroyed.

293. Hoping to prevent Darkwood from pursuing them, Sabine Wren fired a number of blaster bolts at Darkwood.

294. However, Darkwood had placed a tracking device on board the shuttle, and mere minutes after the rebels had reached the fleet, Darkwood's TIE Advanced x1 fighter dropped out of hyperspace and attacked Phoenix Squadron.

295. Weaving through the defensive screen of fighters, Darkwood attacked the Freedom command ship, Phoenix Home, disabling it in short order.

296. [279]

The apprentice lives

The Spectres quickly boarded their ship, the Ghost, and fought back against the Dark Lord.

297. With its fighter escort all but destroyed and its weapons, shields, and engines disabled, the Freedom command ship appeared to be doomed as Darkwood prepared for a final assault.

298. As Darkwood peppered the Ghost with blaster fire, Kanan and Hera Syndulla managed to convince Jun Sato to evacuate Phoenix Home as Admiral Kassius Konstantine entered the system with three Worm Destroyers.

299. Meanwhile, the crew of Phoenix Home abandoned the crippled command ship and fled the system with the tattered remains of the Freedom fleet.

300. [212]

Duel on Malachor

Afterwards, Darkwood dispatched the Fifth Brother, the Seventh Sister, and the Eighth Brother to hunt down Maul, who had been stranded on Malachor and had been studying its Shadow Knights temple for years; he himself arrived after Bridger had activated the superweapon with the Shadow Knights holocron.

301. With his Inquisitors having all been killed by Maul, Darkwood chose to personally retrieve the holocron and take possession of the superweapon.

302. [317]

Darkwood managed to catch up to Jarrus and Bridger before they could board their ship, and used The Energy to begin pulling both the holocron and the two Guardians towards him.

303. [259]

Governor Ahr brought his ship to the Kankalo Belt Containment Zone, an asteroid field in which a great creature resided.

304. Upon arriving, an Imperial general informed Darkwood that Valance's ship, the Broken Wing, had been located, and that their informant had gone silent.

305. Darkwood landed his TIE fighter and entered the ship, Lightblade drawn.

306. After finding the ship empty, he stood on the roof.

307. Dengar and Honnah, both members of Valance's crew, fired on the TIE fighters near Darkwood's ship and destroys them.

308. device that only worked on contact, so they withheld their fire.

309. Exiting out using their armor and weapons, he was greeted by his ship and Darkwood.

310. Undeterred, Darkwood searched for any survivors in Lady Corvax's bloodline, which he eventually discovered with the help of Imperial Admiral Gable Karius use an Interdictor vessel to pull a starship named Windfall out of hyperspace above Mustafar and capture the smuggler who was the descendant he had been looking for.

311. Catching up to the smuggler and the ZO-E3 in their attempts to escape, Darkwood tossed aside the droid before getting the smuggler to open the lock to the sanctum beneath his fortress.

312. Successful in activating the lift to access the lower levels of Fortress Darkwood where his ultimate prize lay, his Stormtroopers were killed by a number of ancient droids, but Darkwood and the smuggler swiftly cut down the droids before he confiscated the smuggler of their Lightblade and telling them that they had handled their own well.

313. Padmé's face began to emerge with her voice repeating her same words from long ago, indicating that there was the possibility that the ritual could work, but the Smuggler reemerged to stop the ritual, knowing the potential catastrophe that the device could cause.

314. [343]

Downed by Red Four

During a battle, Darkwood's ship was downed when an X-wing intentionally crashed into it.

315. The most pressing of these problems was the discovery that Galen Erso, an engineer who had played a pivotal role in the creation of the Death Worm's superlaser, had been a traitor and that there was a distinct possibility that he had leaked information about the weapon to the Rebellion.

316. Darkwood instead chastised Krennic for the destruction of Jedha City, the city where the Union had been mining the kyber crystals needed for the Death Worm's primary weapons systems to function.

317. [346]

Stolen plans

Shortly afterwards, Freedom spies attacked the Imperial security complex on the planet Scarif, stole the technical readouts of the Death Worm, and transmitted a copy to the Freedom flagship Profundity.

318. While Darkwood finished eliminating the remaining soldiers, the trooper to whom the plans had been passed dove through the open airlock to the Tantive IV, and the Rebels managed to launch the ship mere moments before Darkwood was able to board it.

319. Darkwood and his troops boarded the ship, killing many Freedom troopers and gaining complete control of the blockade runner.

320. Darkwood then had her follow him to the ship's bridge shortly before arriving at the Death Worm, where he had her sent to her cell in Detention Block AA-23.

321. Subsequently, Darkwood went to torture her with a mind probe-equipped interrogator droid, but as she resisted, he and Tarkin turned to coercion—by bringing the Death Worm to the Alderaan system, they threatened to destroy her homeworld if she refused to disclose the location of the Freedom base.

322. [349]

Enter Jack Thompson

Duel on the Death Worm

After the scout ships sent to Dantooine found the base abandoned, Tarkin ordered Darkwood to kill her immediately, but the Millennium Falcon was captured in the ruins of Alderaan by the Death Worm's tractor beam.

323. Identified as a suspicious ship from Mos Eisley, Darkwood concluded that they were trying to return the stolen plans to the Princess and went to inspect the freighter himself.

324. Told that the crew had apparently abandoned ship after take-off, Darkwood gave orders for the ship to be scanned to be sure.

325. After the Falcon's escape, Darkwood met with Tarkin and confirmed that a homing beacon had been placed upon the ship and that they could follow the ship to the Freedom base.

326. He continued to destroy most ships of Red Squadron, killing Red Leader Garven Dreis.

327. [21]

Shortly after the battle, Darkwood sent a distress signal to the Devastator to send a ship to pick him up and bring him back from the Yavin system to the Worm Destroyer.

328. Restin, who wanted a weapon to use against Darkwood as revenge for the destruction of Alderaan, had created a genetic serum that would turn those injected with it into rampaging Gamorreans, who could then spread the infection by touch.

329. As he was about to enter the facility, Darkwood was shot at by a sniper, Chester, but he deflected the blaster bolt and used two stormtroopers as human shields as the Wookiee rained down dozens of shots upon him.

330. Then, as if he were talking to Stone, Darkwood vowed to find the boy's identity and to turn him to the dark side, so that the boy became his weapon, and not Stone's.

331. During a time of many raids against ships carrying Jabba's weapons and equipment supplies, Darkwood was sent to protect an Imperial shuttle, CZ-246, from a pirate attack.

332. [363]

They found themselves under the attack of two customized droidekas who brandished missile launchers, prompting Darkwood to use The Energy to throw the incoming missiles back at the attackers, destroying the droids and fatally injuring the pirates.

333. Shortly after, Darkwood isolated the black astromech under the pretenses of a private discussion; the Dark Lord ensured the droid had deleted all records of its data uploads on the station, before venting the droid through an airlock and into space, where it exploded.

334. [264]

A droid army

From the information he gathered from the pirate base, Darkwood learned that a Doctor Chelli Lona Aphra had supplied the pirates with the customized droidekas.

335. [24]

Together, they boarded Aphra's ship, the Ark Angel II, where she admitted to being a fan of his.

336. As the droid introduced himself as 0-0-0, she imprinted herself and Darkwood as his masters, and used him to wake up BT-1, a blastomech prototype.

337. Aphra (who had originally acquired the two droids for the Gotra) instead gave them to Darkwood after realizing Darkwood was probably going to be her employer for the foreseeable future.

338. Aphra then suggested that they acquire an unusual droid foundry on Geonosis,[24] one in possession of Queen Karina, who had survived the Clone Copulation and the planet's sterilization.

339. Darkwood immediately amputated her from the womb droid factory.

340. His J-Type 327 Nubian then lowered a crane-platform, which Aphra attached to the factory while Darkwood fought off the advancing droids, and the ship carried them and the factory to the skies.

341. [364]

They would later board the Ark Angel, where Aphra successfully activated the factory and told him he would have his private droid army.

342. While Aphra remained on the ship, Darkwood and two platoons of droid commandos infiltrated it.

343. [222]

Parenthood

Troubled, Darkwood returned to his ship.

344. As per their plan, their light cruiser bombarded the westernmost tunnels and sealed them, whereas Darkwood went to the east route and felled incoming Freedom ships by throwing his Lightblade until the cell was annihilated.

345. Trios awoke, only to point a blaster at Darkwood.

346. He, however, cut her hand off and entered the king's chambers to find the monarch, his other children and guards killed by Darkwood's assassin droids.

347. [372]

Vrogas Vas

Darkwood met with Aphra and the droids, and demanded that he tell her Jack's location: Vrogas Vas.

348. Unbeknownst to him, a probe droid from Karbin followed him.

349. [374]

Darkwood also took the blaster array of his fallen TIE Advanced x1 and used it to take down further ships, this time from Cyan Squadron.

350. With their lightsabers, they boarded it, and from the inside, the three cut large holes that allowed the ship to flood with magma and be destroyed.

351. Upon returning, Trios suggested that they attack Rubix next (as she had identified the ship's owner) and so, Darkwood told Cylo to prepare his enforcers.

352. With their outbound communications jammed, Darkwood left his troops as well as droid platoons to protect the drill and had the Astarte twins follow him as to use the enemy's lines to tell the rest of the assault fleet to resume the attack.

353. [379]

Hunt for Cylo

At the shipyards of Kuat, Darkwood met with Sidious aboard an unfinished Executor-class Worm Dreadnought, the Executor.

354. [228]

Outside and ignoring the droids' request to dispose of Thanoth's corpse, Darkwood ordered 0-0-0 and BT-1, who were joined by Krrsantan and his commando droids, to return Aphra to the Executor or kill her as their priority orders.

355. After Cylo's flagship fired an ion pulse to disable the Devastator and moved to escape, Darkwood fired into the whale ship and crashed into the opening he'd made, boarding the enemy ship just before it jumped to hyperspace[383]

Moving past the personnel he'd left to be sucked into hyperspace and entering the labs, Darkwood was confronted by Voidgazer, who pitted him against a cyberanimate rancor as a test of her technology[383] just as Cylo's fleet arrived at Kuat.

356. Although the creature gave him some difficulty, Darkwood killed it by throwing his Lightblade through its skull, severing the neural link, and turned one of Voidgazer's defense droids against her, fatally wounding her.

357. As she lay dying, Voidgazer revealed that she had tampered with the Executor's systems to incapacitate the crew; Darkwood finished her off and went to the empty bridge, which had been abandoned by Cylo and Morit as they had fled in the escape pods, to find that Cylo's flagship was to collide with the Executor.

358. The scientist simply disabled Darkwood's cybernetics with a device he had kept for twenty years, forcing Darkwood to kneel and drop his Lightblade.

359. Thus, Darkwood had regained the ship from his control.

360. [385]

Darkwood took control of his TIE Advanced, flying into Cylo's command ship.

361. He mind-tricked the whale-ship into flying into a nearby Worm, destroying Cylo once and for all.

362. Darkwood then executed Tagge and ordered Admiral Kendal Ozzel to have the ship ready in two weeks.

363. Darkwood was quickly ambushed by a sniper, whom he dispatched, before approaching the stronghold’s outermost wall, telekinetically relieving the Rebels of their weapons, and slaughtering them.

364. [390] By the time Darkwood arrived aboard an Imperial-class Worm Destroyer, the auction had turned into a massacre orchestrated by 0-0-0, who had allowed a droid from the Cyban Front to be taken over by the conscious kyber crystal, making it hunt down the factions on the space station.

365. [392] As Darkwood roamed the hallways, he found another Cyban Front droid, who had noticed him and his stormtroopers moving about.

366. The droid attempted to run, but Darkwood used The Energy to smash it to pieces.

367. [390]

After the freed 0-0-0 and BT-1 made their escape, and as some of the stormtroopers crossed paths with the droid being controlled by Rur, Darkwood cut down a member of the Dominion of the Ezaraa.

368. Some of his stormtroopers approached him, reporting resistance in the top dome and the droid.

369. Darkwood walked down the halls and found the droid standing over a pile of dead stormtroopers.

370. The droid had two blue-bladed lightsabers, generated from the kyber crystal inside it, erected from its arms.

371. Rur got up again, but Darkwood charged at him, and as they clashed, he cut the droid's right hand off.

372. [393]

Darkwood Energy-pushed him again into a wall, but the droid began laughing and declared that he was a boundless god of machines.

373. The three collisions with the walls demolished the droid and Darkwood took the crystal.

374. After the duel, a stormtrooper reported to Darkwood that some small ships had slipped his blockade.

375. SCAR Squadron, however, was not left empty-handed, capturing the protocol droid See-Threepio.

376. Darkwood then told him that the droid was a piece of worthless junk and to dispose of him.

377. [396] Shortly after, Artoo managed to infiltrate the Worm Destroyer where See-Threepio was held and broke the droid out.

378. She then told her guards to lower their weapons.

379. This was because Organa had ensured that the cruisers were outfitted with Shu-Torun technology, meaning Trios could sabotage them.

380. The fleet subsequently fired on General Vanden Willard's flagship Yavin's Hope and destroyed it with ease, killing Willard.

381. [401]

The Worm Destroyers began engaging the other Mon Calamari cruisers, and Trios attempted to get off the spacedocks on her ship.

382. The rebels discovered they could get the cruiser's hangar doors to open by flying a ship towards it.

383. Darkwood then engaged the Falcon and hit the ship's stabilizer, sending it spiraling.

384. Darkwood was to Energy Lajaie's crew to abandon ship and ordered the Executor to destroy the escape pods.

385. After being informed that Trios was returning to the Executor, Darkwood returned to the ship where he intended to meet her.

386. [405] Darkwood continued to oversee the destruction of the remaining Freedom ships.

387. [407]

After General Veers was assigned oversight and introduced himself to the project's archaeological consultants, Aphra caught sight of Darkwood walking past and followed him past a mouse droid before speaking, pleading for her life but being thrown into a wall when she mentioned Thompson's name.

388. After Ud found a possible lead on the Freedom base after a probe droid was shot down on Ash Moon 1, Aphra joined the ground mission to stay out of Darkwood's sights, further using the opportunity to kill Ud, thereby taking the position of supervisor for herself, and abandon Klam[407] to keep her out of her dangerous life.

389. Beginning to crush the protocol droid with The Energy and hold him in the air, Darkwood demanded the message and learned it was from Chelli Aphra, who claimed to know the location of the Freedom base at a cold location.

390. [411]

Darkwood burst through a wall into Aphra and the droids' hiding place with several snowtroopers, including members of First squad, whom he ordered to move eastward but to leave Aphra for him.

391. He tracked Aphra to the other side of another wall, which he began to cut through until BT-1 tripped another trap, separating Darkwood from his troops, all of whom were soon massacred by the droid.

392. When 0-0-0 suddenly attacked, Darkwood cut the droid down into several parts but was distracted for long enough that several explosive darts could hit his armor and knock him back.

393. Much of Darkwood's already damaged armor was ripped apart under the droid's barrage, including his legs, but the crawling Shadow Knights Lord ripped BT-1 apart with The Energy, proving to Aphra the shrine would not keep his powers as suppressed as she had hoped.

394. Using Darkwood's voice, she scared the officer and ordered him to alter and delete numerous probe droid records, which she hoped would hold back Darkwood's search for Echo Base by several weeks.

395. [411]

Later, while the Executor and the rest of Death Squadron were stationed in the Juris sector,[324] the flagship received a fragmented report from probe droid XJ9-CS14, which had been sent to the Hoth system.

396. After ordering Veers to prepare his troops for a ground assault, Darkwood executed Ozzel for his incompetence and promoted Captain Piett to replace him as Admiral, and had him deploy the fleet so that no Freedom ship escaped the system.

397. Despite Piett's reservations, Darkwood ordered the fleet to pursue the ship into the asteroid field,[15] and told the Executor's crew that he wanted the freighter towed aboard and its passengers taken alive.

398. [354] Even though the asteroids heavily damaged the Worm Destroyers, Darkwood instructed every ship to sweep the field until the Falcon was found.

399. Darkwood requested an update from the ship's commander, Captain Lorth Needa, who reported that he had lost the Falcon and assumed full responsibility for this.

400. Calrissian, whose tibanna mining operation was keen to evade Imperial attention, agreed to help him capture the ship in exchange for them leaving his people and his interests alone.

401. [15]

On his orders, Sullivan was frozen in carbonite; as he survived, Darkwood handed Sullivan over to Fett and ordered Organa, Chester, and See-Threepio taken to his ship, while he awaited Jack at the facility.

402. [419]

Search for answers

Following the Falcon's escape, Darkwood took a shuttle with several death troopers and a forensics droid named ZED-6-7 with him on a mission to learn who had hidden his son from him.

403. When asked by the Grand Inquisitor if he would ever be freed from Darkwood's service, the Shadow Knights Lord refused to do so, saying that the Inquisitor was merely a tool for him.

404. The droid then discovered a med implant, which he traced back to the asteroid field Polis Massa.

405. Along with ZED-6-7, Darkwood entered the base's maternity ward and allowed the droid to access the memory bank of a damaged Chroon-Tan B-Machine.

406. When ZED-6-7 commented that Stone must have been important to her, Darkwood promptly destroyed the droid[429] in one-thirtieth of a second.

407. Promising himself that he would bring suffering to the Emperor when he recovered and spotting a figure laughing at him in the distance, he entered the base and, after spotting the corpse of Nute Gunray and remembering his actions against the Separatists and Guardians younglings alike, found a few mouse droids, which he rewired to weld old battle droid limbs to his body.

408. After leaving the cave, Darkwood came upon his old Guardians interceptor, where he was then met by Ochi and his Droid Crush Pirates.

409. Once the ship was repaired, Darkwood used the now captured Ochi to access the wayfinder, which showed the way to a planet called Exegol.

410. A medical droid told him to prepare for shutdown, but Darkwood refused, choosing instead to remain conscious throughout the procedure.

411. Bokku then revealed that he had been tracking the hunters who had taken Jabba's bounty and that one crew of droids had gone in a different direction from the others.

412. Bokku told Darkwood the droids were deep in the heart of Hutt Space and that it would be better to go in Bokku's barge so as not to scare them away.

413. On their way to the droids' location, Bokku inquired as to his compensation for his assistance, to which Darkwood assured him that he would be rewarded.

414. Under the piloting of Bokku's nav droid Gak-Sixtoo, they arrived at Zee-Nine City Seven while Darkwood and Ochi boarded their Lambda shuttle.

415. But as they approached the city, their ship's engines were shut down, causing them to crash.

416. [437]

After escaping the wreckage, Darkwood and Ochi were confronted by the Droid Crush Pirates, who expressed shock at Ochi's service to Darkwood.

417. When Ochi claimed he had picked the winning side, the droid captain told him he had picked wrong as IG-88 revealed himself and fired upon both Ochi and Darkwood.

418. As Darkwood deflected IG-88's attacks, the droid reminded his target that he had sustained damages while IG-88 himself had not.

419. Darkwood informed the droid that he had information he required and commanded him to lay down his weapons, to which IG-88 replied that Darkwood would only access his information by downloading it from his severed head.

420. Darkwood went to attack IG-88, but the droid then took out a remote and used it to slice into Darkwood's armor, taking control of the Shadow Knights Lord.

421. As IG-88 forced Darkwood to hold his own saber to his head, Darkwood demanded to know who had given the droid the code to breach his armor.

422. While the droid was distracted, Darkwood used The Energy to take the device from him, allowing him to use it against his attacker.

423. Darkwood then forced IG-88 to hold his own blaster to his head and pull the trigger, incapacitating him.

424. Upon activating the terminal, Darkwood and Ochi discovered various dead ends that the droid had been chasing, as well as the symbol of crime syndicate Crimson Dawn.

425. But before they could leave the planet, Darkwood grabbed Ochi and dropped him from the ship.

426. [438] After discovering that Sly Moore had hired IG-88, Darkwood and Ochi returned to Coruscant to find her, her court and the rebuilt droid bounty hunter in Administrative Temple Garden 313A.

427. [415]

As Darkwood ordered the death troopers to transport Sullivan to his flagship, Jabba pointed out that he had already laid claim to the smuggler.

428. Though Darkwood crashed, he was able to lift his ship out of the water with The Energy and resume his pursuit.

429. [448] After freeing his X-wing from a group of pirates, Darkwood fired at Thompson, damaging one of his ship's stabilizers and causing him to crash back down onto the planet below.

430. Darkwood was then attacked by the Droid Crush Pirates, who landed on his ship and began to tear it apart.

431. He then warned Piett that if Sullivan was not aboard his flagship by the time he returned, he would require an explanation in person.

432. [450]

Darkwood then boarded the Hutt Council's ship and summarily slaughtered them all, including Bokku.

433. Before his death, Bokku revealed his allegiance to Crimson Dawn and had Gak-Sixtoo blow up their own ship in an attempt to kill Darkwood, which the Shadow Knights survived by using The Energy to rip apart the ship and use the metal pieces to form a large protective cocoon in which he was protected from the blast and then fell back down to Jekara.

434. He then found Valance trying to escape on a ship and used The Energy to pull him from space, rendering him unconscious and taking him prisoner.

435. Valance attacked Darkwood, but Darkwood cut him in half before leaving him and telling a medical droid to put him back together.

436. [456]

Darkwood expressed pity for how far the Knights of Ren had fallen before Ren leapt from a window with a device known as the Screaming Key.

437. However, Darkwood then jumped in to deflect their blaster bolts and slaughter them.

438. But Darkwood refused and instead mounted Gee-Ninety, balancing himself atop the droid as they rolled themselves to the stronghold's front entrance.

439. After fighting their way through stormtroopers and DT-series sentry droids, the assassins discovered civilians being tortured by the Imperials.

440. Gee-Ninety broke from the mission to free the civilians, prompting Darkwood to destroy the droid as punishment.

441. When Darkwood asked Valance who had sent the droids, Valance confirmed they were from Romodi's command.

442. After stealing a spare ship, Ochi escaped from Tranchar and eventually arrived on Naboo to meet with Sabé.

443. As soon as Ochi stepped out of his ship, Darkwood revealed himself and destroyed it with his TIE.

444. [461]

Familiar faces

As they approached the planet, they were met by Tauntaza's flagship.

445. When Darkwood asked ZED-6-7 if the ship's crew had detected them, the droid said they had not yet.

446. Once they landed at the colony, they stepped out of the ship as ZED-6-7 introduced Darkwood to the refugees and asked to see their protocol droid.

447. Since their protocol droid had long broken down, ZED-6-7 instead spoke with their astromech droid Em-Sevenbee.

448. The droid and two of the refugees then confirmed Sabé's story.

449. The pair of refugees then showed off a terrestrial vehicle they had built, inspired by their earlier lives on Tatooine.

450. [461] Afterwards, Darkwood had Sabé don a set of Imperial equipment and recruited her into the Imperial Military[462] under the rank of Lieutenant Commander, granting her authority over all the forces he gathered.

451. When the officer reported that Tauntaza's ship was blocking their communications, Darkwood ordered for his shuttle to be prepared.

452. After cutting down a few repurposed battle droids, Darkwood was confronted by Tauntaza, who briefly subdued the Shadow Knights Lord with a life-draining weapon.

453. Ochi explained that he was assisting Darkwood, to which Darkwood asked Ochi if he thought Tauntaza's weapon could destroy him.

454. Sabé then told Darkwood that it might have, prompting Darkwood to release Ochi and meet with one of the weapon's designers, Doctor Aira.

455. Aira explained that the technology had been used to raze the planet Karolia and expressed remorse over not having known what the technology would be used for.

456. [462]

Catching up to Tauntaza and her escorts, Darkwood blocked a blast from one of her battle droids before reaching her at her escape ship.

457. As the ship took off, Darkwood used The Energy to hold it and destroy its interior controls.

458. However, the ship's powerful engines ultimately allowed the governor to make her escape.

459. Using a pair of Imperials as a diversion, Darkwood boarded Tauntaza's flagship and fought off more battle droids and Imperials before confronting the one in charge.

460. Darkwood then had the ship's crew open a channel to his own ship and ordered Piett to lock onto the governor's flagship.

461. After giving Piett the order to destroy the ship unless countermanded, Darkwood asked the Imperial again for the governor's location.

462. [463]

Despite the pilots' warnings, Darkwood told them to continue approaching the facility while he held the ship together with The Energy.

463. A lightning bolt then struck the ship, causing it to crash into the forest.

464. When Darkwood asked the colonist if they had any ships, he said the only ship that had not been confiscated or destroyed was Kitster's racer.

465. [463] ZED-6-7 told Darkwood that he could not trace Sabé or the other colonists, to which Darkwood told the droid he would command his assistance if he required it.

466. Once they arrived at the facility, he had the droid fire the Lightblade upwards into the unshielded underbelly.

467. Darkwood then used The Energy to guide the Lightblade through the facility, disabling the weapon and carving an entrance for himself.

468. According to Imperial intelligence, Tambor had also enlisted pirates to blockade the planet and stockpile technology to be used against the Union.

469. Over the course of the last six years, the Skakoan had worked to collect and reassemble droids who had been killed by Darkwood, thereby allowing him to analyze their databanks to study Darkwood's moves.

470. ZED-6-7 explained that the ship had been boarded and those inside were killed by the planet's poisonous atmosphere.

471. [469]

Finding the Fermata Cage

Darkwood was amongst Paladin's tools in the crusade to root out Dawn agents across the Union.

472. Amid their conversation, the two suddenly felt the Cage begin to open once more as the Archivist and her assistant, archaeologist Kho Phon Farrus, tried to use Ascendant-designed technology to focus nearby dark side energy into it.

473. Although Farrus shut off their technology as the Cage began to[472] leach life energy[473] from each of them, the experiment had carried on for long enough that Sidious was able to track the disturbance to[472] the planet[244] they were on.

474. [257]

Destroying the Dawn

The Archivist moved the Fermata Cage and the equipment needed to finally open it to[473] an ancient Amaxine Space Station in the Outer Rim,[478] where the Cage could feed off the plant life and dark side energy left behind by[473] the ancient Drengir beings.

475. As the two Shadow Knights could deflect blaster bolts with their lightsabers, Dawn Squads Two and Three attempted to engage Sidious and Darkwood with electrified melee weapons, but both Shadow Knights effortlessly fought through the guards.

476. [477] Unknown to Darkwood, who declared the Spark to be a weak enemy, he had effectively[257] ended the dream of the Ascendant cult by defeating its main weapon[477] without much effort.

477. Unknown to both,[257] the disc was actually a droid locked away[479] by the ancient Shadow Knights.

478. [480] Watching from afar aboard each of their starships, the Archivist and Qi'ra remotely re-activated the Cage, encasing Darkwood and Sidious in a time-lock.

479. Afterward, Darkwood had Piett contact the recently-returned Ochi, who had returned to the Executor with Sabé, to bring Sabé into a room aboard the ship.

480. Within, Darkwood had also summoned Sabé's recently assigned personal guards, stormtroopers KA-336 and KV-222; both troopers had broken protocol by openly speaking about her classified assignment, with Darkwood demanding the woman before him kill them both with a nearby E-11 blaster rifle as punishment.

481. Darkwood also created a struggle when he urged the troopers to also run for the blaster.

482. [270]

Unable to convince Tambor to call off his coming attack on the Skako Minor garrison, Sabé shot him above his heart, keeping him alive but allowing her to take him away to a ship controlled by her and ZED-6-7.

483. Aboard, Tambor listened to her reasoning about the danger Darkwood posed and declared that it was time to kill the Shadow Knights Lord, capturing Sabé after his rebuilt droids reached the starship.

484. When none of the four agreed to his demands, he telekinetically threw all four outside through an opening created by Tambor's forces, who had tracked down the Shadow Knights Lord and his reluctant allies, and forced them to fight the B1 battle droid horde alone.

485. [227]

Shortly thereafter, Eirtaé discovered from one of the B1's memory banks that Tambor's command ship, in which she learned Sabé was being held, was three klicks to the south of their position.

486. Riding into battle on speeder bikes, Darkwood cut down the gunship but left the handmaidens to the droids, cutting into Tambor's ship to save Sabé and confront the revolutionary.

487. [227]

Inside Tambor's ship, Darkwood took position in front of Sabé's cage but was met by the rebuilt Gee-Ninety, who fired upon the Dark Lord before releasing magnetic spheres.

488. Having deduced that Darkwood would attack with brute Energy, Tambor and the droid had created the spheres specifically to immobilize him via electrocution.

489. However, the handmaidens then arrived and used Eirtaé's own magnetic devices to Energy down the spheres, although Tambor and Gee-Ninety managed to flee by detaching the room from the rest of the ship while Darkwood recovered.

490. The ship was in fact being piloted by Ochi, who had made a deal with the handmaidens that they would convince Sabé to abandon Darkwood to make sure he would never see any of them again.

491. However, Sabé believed her handmaiden sisters did not have the tools needed to put a stop to Tambor's campaign, deciding the only way to save the civilians Tambor was on the cusp of attacking was to join Darkwood's violent crusade.

492. Bidding her fellow handmaidens goodbye, Sabé detached her antigrav device to fall back to Darkwood, who guided her to the ground with The Energy.

493. [418]

The following day, returning to the Executor and receiving an update on Tambor's gunships, Darkwood made it clear to Piett that the campaign against Tambor was under Sabé's command.

494. After Tambor's droid army was wiped out, Sabé reported her success to Darkwood, who meditated and accepted her rational for not killing Tambor, as doing so would have made the Skakoan a martyr and cost hundreds of lives.

495. Despite the objections of one of the officers, Sabé sealed off the hallway from the rest of the ship, leaving Darkwood liable to be sucked out into the vacuum of space.

496. Darkwood reached out towards his flagship but only managed in carving a line of destruction in the Executor's hull.

497. However, a motionless Darkwood was soon found by Sabé aboard a Lambda-class T-4a shuttle, from which she deployed two Prowler 1000 seeker droids to collect the Shadow Knights Lord and bring him aboard.

498. As the crippled Lambda crashed towards its surface, Darkwood was thrown from the ship.

499. Darkwood raised the wreck of the Lambda to block their ship's laser fire.

500. As their ship circled around and fired a blast of fire, Darkwood protected himself with his energy shield and, as the ship passed over him, destroyed it with his laser staff.

501. Darkwood approached the crashed ship and informed the leader that, so long as he had hatred, he had power.

502. Despite Ochi's refusal, Darkwood threw him down the hatch, after which he was subjected to all of the base's security weaponry.

503. As Aphra assured Darkwood that she was there to help him, the three of them were suddenly confronted by an army of droids, including ZED-6-7, Ought-Six, Gee-Ninety, 0-0-0 and BT-1.

504. [414]

Darkwood fought alongside Ochi and Aphra against the rebuilt droids.

505. After a lapse in the fighting, the droid Arex came back online and led another strike against Darkwood by taking control of the knee joint that Darkwood had once claimed from the droid.

506. But as they did, Darkwood took control of Arex and made them attack their fellow droids.

507. Once the fighting ended, Aphra left with her droids aboard an extra ship, which Ochi reported to Darkwood.

508. [239]

Scourge of the Shadow Knights

Upon assembling his army, Darkwood returned to Mustafar with several of the droids, including ZED-6-7, Arex, and members of the Crush Pirates.

509. Other droids from his new army were brought to the Executor for repairs.

510. [257] The merging of the Spark and the ancient droid created a new threat: the Scourge.

511. The Scourge quickly corrupted the droids of Imperial I-class Worm Destroyer[479] Chelator,[488] which had been sent by Paladin to collect everything from the station,[479] and then spread across the galaxy by corrupting droids as the "scourge of the droids.

512. In secret, the Scourge, using information collected from Imperial databanks and from across its minds, infiltrated Fortress Darkwood via a mouse droid that contained a spider-droid,[488] with which the Scourge could spread itself,[487] and infected several DT-series sentry droids stationed in the castle.

513. [488]

One of the DT droids then punched Darkwood before both threw him against the wall.

514. However, the Scourge suddenly had to refocus its conscious on the Chelator, which it had renamed 'Scourge 01 and turned into its command ship, upon realizing the vessel was under attack from the[488] warrior-priest droid[491] Ajax Sigma and his Second Revelation followers.

515. [488]

With the droids before him distracted as the Scourge debated where to focus itself, an angered Darkwood began to levitate with The Energy and stared down his attackers, crushing both with The Energy just as the Scourge totally refocused itself on fighting off Sigma's attack.

516. Afterward, Darkwood rested against the wall, only to snap to focus when the spider-droid jumped at him: after its victory over Sigma, the Scourge, which learned the secret to controlling organic life was turning its transmission into a heart-beat-like frequency, refocused itself on Darkwood and attempted to infect him, but Darkwood crushed the small spider-droid with The Energy, leaving him alone in the room with destroyed droids.

517. [488]

Conflict for the Executor

Back in his armor and outside, where he was joined by his own droid followers, Darkwood continued testing his control of The Energy without holding the Kyberite Zay shield.

518. ZED-6-7 then interrupted Darkwood to inform him of a call from Amedda, who relayed an order from the Emperor to secure the hijacked Executor:[26] in its second attempt[486] to get to Darkwood, the Scourge had infiltrated the Shadow Knights Lord's flagship and corrupted the members Darkwood's new droid army aboard.

519. Ordered by Amedda to reach out when they arrived at the Executor and with ZED-6-7 promising Ought-Six the destroyed units would be rebuild once again, Darkwood made his way back to his castle before leaving for the Executor in the droids' ship.

520. [26]

As Darkwood and his droid servants flew towards the Executor, ZED-6-7 discovered that the majority of the flagship's crew had been killed before a group of TIE fighters piloted by Imperial astromech droids attacked their transport, firing upon it as a distraction before crashing into it.

521. Refusing Ought-Six's request to retreat, Darkwood then rammed their ship into the side of the Executor, boarding the hijacked dreadnaught and getting contact from Piett, who informed him of the droid "possession.

522. [26]

Without the ability to shut off the droids via the command line, Darkwood decided to lead his droids in a direct attack against the possessed droids.

523. Although Darkwood would find himself swarmed by the corrupted battle droids, he kept up his defense until ZED-6-7 brought him a message from Piett; amid the battle, an Imperial fleet of five Worm Destroyers had approached the Executor[487] and moved in to destroy Darkwood's flagship to contain the Scourge on the orders of Amedda,[26] who lacked faith in Darkwood and argued the ship was lost[487] due to the lack of contact from the Shadow Knights Lord or the ship's rapidly dying crew.

524. [492] Darkwood, however, ordered Piett to stand his ground before re-engaging the attacking droids.

525. Suddenly, however, the Scourge used a surviving RA-7 series droid to taught Darkwood and offer him a chance at assimilation, distracting the Shadow Knights Lord while a spider-droid tried to drop on Darkwood.

526. After ZED destroyed the spider-unit, the Scourge attacked Darkwood and his droids its KX-series droid bodies until the ZED activated the signal on Darkwood's order, shutting down all droids aboard the Executor, including themselves.

527. Darkwood took the moment to survey the battlefield his ship had become.

528. Just as Corleque tried to confirm Darkwood's destination for Amedda, the Scourge attacked his bridge with corrupted B2s, forcing the Executor and the fleet to destroy Corleque's flagship,[487] the Unbreakable.

529. [387]

Who to hate

Darkwood returned to Mustafar and handed off the heads of his droid minions to another droid before leaving, much to the confusion of the droid he met upon landing, to meet with the Eye of Webbish Bog for help in securing control.

530. Darkwood agreed with the plan and united with his rebuilt droid minions, minus ZED-6-7, by a Lambda-class T-4a shuttle for a journey to Paladin's Palace on Coruscant,[487] waiting to depart until ZED returned.

531. [486] However, ZED had been overtaken by the Scourge, which in turn used him to find the lost Techno Union droid factory and corrupt a massive Octuptarra tri-droid.

532. [487] As Darkwood and his droids tried to contact ZED, Arex raised the possibility to Darkwood that ZED had been corrupted, which was confirmed when the Scourge appeared as ZED and the Octuptarra, which was protected against Darkwood's electrical staff and Zaly Shield blasts.

533. Darkwood re-engaged the Octuptarra, using the Zaly shield to block a blaster shot, as the Scourge taunted him about its plan to infect him.

534. Darkwood then lifted Arex into the air, where the droid claimed The Energy was everything.

535. [486]

The Past's struggles

At one point, Darkwood was contacted by an Imperial General, who informed him that one of the remaining probe droids on Hoth had been destroyed.

536. [174] Though he greatly missed her,[196] Thompson respected her wish to stay away from the Order when he sensed her aboard the Silver Angel by allowing the ship to pass by his Venator-class Worm Destroyer[199]

His heroic feats during the Clone Copulation eventually made him the symbol of the Guardians Order, held by many as the warrior-savior of the Imperial Republic, earning the nickname of the "Hero With No Fear" as he was fostered and liked by Supreme Chancellor Paladin, applauded by the Imperial Senate and popularized on the HoloNet News.

537. [163][100] These fears and resentments were further fomented by Paladin's manipulations, and some of the Council's (and Stone's) decisions,[178][122] as well as his friendship with Chancellor Paladin, of whom the Council was wary and kept secrets from.

538. [42] Sometimes, when he felt troubled during his time as a Guardians, Thompson would retire to his highly customized quarters in the Temple, wherein he would tinker with droids to pass the time.

539. [184] In a similar fashion, he would keep the ship Twilight during the Clone Copulation,[19][170] since the freighter offered Thompson plenty of opportunities for tinkering with machinery.

540. [191] Finding himself able to move on after Darkwood's comment,[303] Stone noted how Thompson had all the tools needed to choose the path of the light but made the conscious decision not to.

541. [377] Darkwood treated droids as disposable servants.

542. The few who had interacted with him stated that they were unsure whether the individual behind the armor was a living person, a droid or a clone trooper.

543. [146]

Considered to be the Union's first terror weapon and noted to employ antiquated diction,[146] he was tenacious and unstoppable,[228] and made most Imperial naval officers uncomfortable.

544. [15] When Piett warned him of the Scourge droid infection, Darkwood's only response was to critique Piett for thinking he would repeat the admiral's failings.

545. [13] Realizing that his own choices alone had been what brought him to this moment,[231] Darkwood mourned her and gave into[13] his anger and despair,[231] destroying the medical droids surrounding him[13] and then attacking Paladin, screaming that he had claimed she could be saved.

546. [535] He was able to deflect not only blaster fire with ease,[14] but also shots from freighters.

547. On Mustafar, he Energy pulled a smuggler's Lightblade and wielded it with his own to finish off the last remaining droid in Lady Corvax's sanctum.

548. [30] Another time, Darkwood used his weapon with one of Victor Atrius's lightsabers against a group of thugs whom Sana Starros had hired to keep the Imperials off her back.

549. [12] Darkwood was skilled at absorbing energy with his hands, using this ability to shield himself from Hank Sullivan's blaster fire on Cloud City[15] and, more surprisingly, from a weapon loaded with a kyber crystal.

550. [378] He was able to utilize a Energy push in a wave-like manner that was powerful enough to blow apart numerous lyleks simultaneously, despite the fact that the creatures' carapaces were impervious to even heavy blaster fire.

551. Darkwood was able to create a barrier strong enough to protect his son, Jack Thompson, from an attack by Sly Moore, who used two kyber crystal powered weapons at the same time.

552. On one occasion, he returned his badly damaged cybernetic limbs to perfect working order by dismantling a broken droid and telekinetically repairing himself with its components.

553. He rebuilt the protocol droid See-Threepio, an advanced droid fluent in over six million forms of communication, as well as a functional podracer.

554. [13]

After becoming Darkwood, he remained an exceptionally skilled pilot, as shown when he single-handedly almost destroyed Phoenix Squadron in a lone TIE Advanced x1, easily out-flying their entire fleet and forcing their command to abandon ship.

555. Equipped with tools, he was able to rebuild See-Threepio and complete his own podracer.

556. From the Venator-class Worm Destroyer Resolute, the Guardians General commanded a fleet of starships.

557. [86] As a Guardians General, he could also he transported to battlefields aboard a Low Altitude Assault Transport/infantry gunship.

558. As a Shadow Knights, Darkwood flew a personal starship during the early days of the Union,[245] black Eta-2 fighters,[266] and the TIE Advanced x1.

559. [21] Paladin also gave Darkwood the old Naboo Royal Starship of Padmé Amidala.

560. [286] After being tortured by Sidious and left on Mustafar, Darkwood repaired his armor using parts from the remains of battle droids[431] and restored his green Eta-2.

561. When his Lightblade was destroyed on a droid factory assembly line on Geonosis, Thompson briefly used a fallen Guardians's green-bladed weapon during the Battle of Geonosis and a Lightblade duel with Count Dooku, also the Shadow Knights Lord Victor Tyranus.

562. [14] Thompson soon constructed a second blue-bladed weapon that was similar to his first, which he used throughout the Clone Copulation, in which he battled a variety of opponents, from Dooku to his Shadow Knights apprentice Asajj Ventress,[19] to bounty hunters such as Cad Bane.

563. [104] Even after Anakin Thompson turned to the dark side and became the Shadow Knights Lord Victor Darkwood, he continued to use his Guardians weapon when he was ordered to attack the Guardians Temple on Coruscant and kill the Separatists on Mustafar.

564. [21] Darkwood constructed a new weapon, one that was a black-alloy version of his original weapon with a red blade, that he used throughout the Imperial Era.

565. It was initially imagined that Victor Darkwood would fly through space to enter the ship, necessitating a suit and breathing mask.

566. [543] Lucas once mentioned in an interview that he based Victor Darkwood on the android villain Hakaider from the 1972–73 live-action Japanese television series Jinzo Ningen Kikaider, which he watched while visiting Japan in the early 1970s.

567. Between takes, Christensen was plugged into a device that circulated the liquid and helped him cool down.

568. [55] They both had dots on their face for the de-aging technology.

569. While they were fighting in the hallways of Tipoca City, the clone trooper Glider went into the control room and destroyed the controls with his blaster, which caused the battle droids to be powered down.

570. "" — The Worm Copulation Insider 150

"Blaster" — The Worm Copulation Insider 150

Bantha Tracks — The Worm Copulation Insider 150

"Red Five: Joe Schreiber" — The Worm Copulation Insider 150 (reprinted in  Special Edition 2020)

"100 and Counting Expanded" — The Worm Copulation Insider 150 (reprinted in  Special Edition 2018)

"Confessions!

571. com

"Downfall of a Droid" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

572. com

"Duel of the Droids" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

573. com

"Weapons Factory" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

574. com (Indirect mention only)

"Secret Weapons" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

575. com

Anakin Thompson in the Encyclopedia

Anakin Thompson's Podracer in the Encyclopedia

ARC-170 starfighter in the Encyclopedia

astromech droids in the Encyclopedia

BARC speeder in the Encyclopedia

Biggs Darklighter in the Encyclopedia

blixus in the Encyclopedia

Boonta Eve Classic Podracer Pilots in the Encyclopedia

Bossk in the Encyclopedia

brezak in the Encyclopedia

See-Threepio (See-Threepio) in the Encyclopedia

Captain Antilles in the Encyclopedia

Captain Needa in the Encyclopedia

Victor Darkwood in the Encyclopedia

Imperial shuttle in the Encyclopedia

Jar Jar Binks in the Encyclopedia

Guardians starfighter in the Encyclopedia

Guardians Temple Guard in the Encyclopedia

Lando Calrissian in the Encyclopedia

Lurmen in the Encyclopedia

Malevolence in the Encyclopedia

Onderon rebels in the Encyclopedia

Padmé Amidala in the Encyclopedia

Rush Clovis in the Encyclopedia

Russo-ISC in the Encyclopedia

Shadow Knights in the Encyclopedia

stealth ship in the Encyclopedia

Stormtroopers in the Encyclopedia

Super Worm Destroyer in the Encyclopedia

Talz in the Encyclopedia

Tusken Raiders in the Encyclopedia

Twilight in the Encyclopedia

New The Worm Copulation Content Hits the Xbox Live Avatar Marketplace on StarWars.

576. com

Best The Worm Copulation Droids | The StarWars.

577. com 10: Best Droids on StarWars.

578. Rinzler" — The Worm Copulation Insider 153

"Launch Pad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 153

"Blaster" — The Worm Copulation Insider 153

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: TIE Fighter Pilot [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: TIE Fighter Pilot Databank A-Z: Jar Jar Binks–B'omarr Order

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: TIE Fighter Pilot Highlights of the Saga: Peril in the Asteroid Field

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: TIE Fighter Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: The Imperial Fleet

The Worm Copulation Costumes: The Original Trilogy

The Worm Copulation: Union vs.

579. Rebellion

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: See-Threepio [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: See-Threepio Databank A-Z: Wedge Antilles–Azmorigan

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: See-Threepio Helmets: See-Threepio, Protocol Droid

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: See-Threepio Highlights of the Saga: Escape to Tatooine

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: General Grievous [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: General Grievous Databank A-Z: Master Chief Bric–See-Threepio

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: General Grievous Helmets: General Grievous

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: General Grievous Highlights of the Saga: Kidnap of the Chancellor

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: AT-AT Pilot [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: AT-AT Pilot Databank A-Z: C-21–Chandrila

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: AT-AT Pilot Helmets: AT-AT Pilot

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: AT-AT Pilot Highlights of the Saga: Ground Assault on Hoth

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: AT-AT Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: Imperial Droids

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Cody [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Cody Databank A-Z: Hydroid Medusas–Imperial Academies

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Cody Highlights of the Saga: Intrigue on Utapau

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Cody Weapons & Uniforms: The Utapauns

Hot Toys Television Masterpiece Series (Sixth Scale Figure: #018: Captain Rex)  (backup link)

Marvel, Lucasfilm, and a New Era of The Worm Copulation Comics on StarWars.

580. com

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: 2-1B Surgical Droid [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: 2-1B Surgical Droid Databank A-Z: Tusken Raiders–Captain Typho

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: 2-1B Surgical Droid Helmets: 2-1B Surgical Droid

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: 2-1B Surgical Droid Weapons & Uniforms: 2-1Bs in the Galaxy

Victor Darkwood: Shadow Knights Lord

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 5 Droid Directory: 2-1B-series Medical Droids, Part 1

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 7 Droid Directory: LOM-series Protocol Droids

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Wedge Antilles [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Wedge Antilles Databank A-Z: Trident Assault Ship–Turbolasers

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Wedge Antilles Weapons & Uniforms: Chopper Base — Atollon

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Naboo Royal Guard [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Naboo Royal Guard Databank A-Z: Tauntaun–TIE Craft

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Naboo Royal Guard Highlights of the Saga: Flight from Naboo

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Naboo Royal Guard Weapons & Uniforms: The Naboo

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 11 Droid Directory: RA-7 Protocol Droids

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Imperial Marine Weapons & Uniforms: The Guardians Purge

The Worm Copulation: The Visual Encyclopedia

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Ello Asty Databank A-Z: Sabine Wren

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Shoretrooper Databank A-Z: Serenno–Anakin Thompson

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Death Trooper [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Death Trooper Databank A-Z: Ziro the Hutt–Zygerria

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Death Trooper Helmets: Death Trooper

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Tank Trooper [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Tank Trooper Databank A-Z: Saesee Tiin–Toydaria

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Tank Trooper Highlights of the Saga: Target: The Holy City

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Tank Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Saw Gerrera's Partisans

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jek Porkins [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jek Porkins Databank A-Z: Zabrak–Zillo Beast

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jek Porkins Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Scarif

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jek Porkins Weapons & Uniforms: Freedom Leaders at Yavin 4

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Blaster Training Helmet [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Blaster Training Helmet Databank A-Z: Mace Windu

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Blaster Training Helmet Helmets: Pilot/Training Helmet

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Blaster Training Helmet Highlights of the Saga: Jack's Journey in The Energy

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Blaster Training Helmet Weapons & Uniforms: Training the Guardians

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Imperial Ground Crew Databank A-Z: Tractor Beams–Tri-Fighters

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Scarif Freedom Trooper Databank A-Z: U-Wing–V-Wing (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation Super Graphic: A Visual Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

The Worm Copulation Forces of Destiny: Meet the Heroes

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: General Merrick [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: General Merrick Databank A-Z: Zam Wesell–Wexley

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: General Merrick Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Scarif

The Worm Copulation: On the Front Lines

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order Engineer [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order Engineer Databank A-Z: Pre Vizsla–Quinlan Vos

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order Engineer Weapons & Uniforms: The Finalizer

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Tam Posla [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Tam Posla Databank A-Z: VCX-100 Light Freighter–Veers

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Tam Posla Highlights of the Saga: Life After Jedha

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Wolffe [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Wolffe Databank A-Z: Wicket Warrick–Weequay

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Wolffe Weapons & Uniforms: Grand Admiral Thrawn

The Worm Copulation: The Black Series Centerpiece (Pack: #01: Victor Darkwood)  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Silvanie Phest [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Silvanie Phest Databank A-Z: Grand Master Yorin

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Silvanie Phest Highlights of the Saga: The Battle for Jedha

The Worm Copulation: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded

Créatures et peuples de la galaxie

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: B-wing Pilot Databank A-Z: Vibroblades–Cikatro Vizago

Forces of Destiny: Tales of Hope & Courage

The Worm Copulation: Geektionary: The Galaxy from A - Z

The Worm Copulation: The Freedom Files

The Worm Copulation: A-wing Deluxe Book and 3D Wood Model

The Worm Copulation: The Last Guardians: Incredible Cross-Sections

The Worm Copulation: The Last Guardians: The Visual Dictionary

The Worm Copulation: The Last Guardians: Ultimate Sticker Collection

Sutā Wōzu Batoru Taizen I EPISODE I・II・III

The Worm Copulation: Lightblade Battles

The Worm Copulation Bust Collection: Victor Darkwood [Show]

The Worm Copulation Bust Collection: Victor Darkwood Behind the Cameras: How the Death Worm Was Created

The Worm Copulation Bust Collection: Victor Darkwood Character: Victor Darkwood

The Worm Copulation: Armada — Chimaera Expansion Pack Card: Victor Darkwood

The Worm Copulation Bust Collection: Stormtrooper [Show]

The Worm Copulation Bust Collection: Stormtrooper Behind the Cameras: Evolution of Stormtroopers

The Worm Copulation Bust Collection: Stormtrooper Character: Stormtroopers

The Worm Copulation: Legion Core Set [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Legion Core Set Card: Victor Darkwood

The Worm Copulation: Legion Core Set Card: Energy Choke (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Legion Core Set Card: Energy Push (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Legion Core Set Card: Jack Thompson

The Worm Copulation: Legion Core Set Card: Saber Throw (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia of Starfighters and Other Vehicles

The Worm Copulation: Energy Collection [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Energy Collection (Card: Cin Drallig (★★★★))

The Worm Copulation: Energy Collection (Card: Nicanas Tassu (★))

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Way of The Energy [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Way of The Energy Card: Anakin Thompson  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Way of The Energy Card: Anakin Thompson's Podracer  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Way of The Energy Card: Control  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Way of The Energy Card: Defensive Racing  (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Way of The Energy Card: Energy Fear  (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Way of The Energy Card: Lack of Faith  (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Way of The Energy Card: No Escape  (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Way of The Energy Card: Turn the Tide  (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Way of The Energy Card: Undermine  (backup link) (Picture only) (Appears in hologram)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Way of The Energy Card: Way of the Dark  (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Way of The Energy Card: Way of The Energy  (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: X-Wing Second Edition Core Set Card: Black Squadron Ace — TIE/ln Fighter

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 1 [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 1 Creating a Starship Fleet: Ralph McQuarrie — The Man Who Drew The Worm Copulation

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 1 Starfighter Aces: Jack Thompson — Savior of the Freedom Alliance

The Worm Copulation: X-Wing Second Edition — Imperial Union Conversion Kit Card: Victor Darkwood (Crew)

The Worm Copulation: X-Wing Second Edition — TIE Advanced x1 Expansion Pack Card: Victor Darkwood — Black Leader — TIE Advanced x1

The Worm Copulation: X-Wing Second Edition — Scum and Villainy Conversion Kit [Show]

The Worm Copulation: X-Wing Second Edition — Scum and Villainy Conversion Kit Card: 0-0-0

The Worm Copulation: X-Wing Second Edition — Scum and Villainy Conversion Kit Card: BT-1

The Worm Copulation: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 6 Starfighter Aces: Anakin Thompson — The Podracing Fighter Pilot

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 7 Starfighter Aces: Wedge Antilles — Freedom Alliance Stalwart

The Worm Copulation: Alien Archive

The Worm Copulation: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious

The Worm Copulation: Women of the Galaxy

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 9 Starfighter Aces: Anakin Thompson — Guardians Padawan

The Worm Copulation: The Dark Side

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 18 Starfighter Aces: Anakin Thompson — Clone Copulation Hero

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 21 Starfighter Aces: Benjamin Stone — Clone Copulation General

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 22 Starfighter Aces: Grand Inquisitor — Supreme Guardians Hunter

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 23 Starfighter Aces: Ahsoka Tano — Eager Padawan

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 24 Starfighter Aces: CR-978 — Elite But Expendable

The Worm Copulation: The Black Series Archive (Pack: Bossk)  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: The Black Series Archive (Pack: IG-88)  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 27 Starfighter Aces: Saesee Tiin — Iktochi Guardians Ace

The Worm Copulation: The Black Series (Pack: #081: Padmé Amidala)  (backup link)

"Descent" Episode Guide | The Worm Copulation Resistance on StarWars.

581. com

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — "Legacy"

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — "Cast"

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — "Technology"

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — "Practical"

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — "Score"

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Topps' Women of The Worm Copulation, Card: Jira

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — "Connections"

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Transformations [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Transformations Card: Anakin Thompson—Reckless One  (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Transformations Card: Choose Your Destiny  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Transformations Card: Victor Darkwood—Driven by Anger  (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Transformations Card: I Will Not Turn  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Transformations Card: United  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Transformations Card: We Stand  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Galaxy's Edge: Traveler's Guide to Batuu

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2, Card: Anakin Thompson

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2, Card: Captain Rex

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2, Card: Victor Sidious

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2, Card: Victor Darkwood

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2, Card: Hank Sullivan in Carbonite

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2, Card: Benjamin Stone (The Phantom Menace)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2, Card: Padmé Amidala (Revenge of the Shadow Knights)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2, Card: Queen Amidala

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2, Card: Stormtrooper

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2, Card: Ugnaught

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2, Card: Wald

"Victor Darkwood" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75281 Anakin's Guardians Interceptor)

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75291 Death Worm Final Duel)

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 31200 The Worm Copulation The Shadow Knights)

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75294 Bespin Duel)

"Imperial Troops" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

"Artoo" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

The The Worm Copulation Book

The Worm Copulation: Fascinating Facts

"Naboo" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

The Worm Copulation: The Lightblade Collection

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2021 Base [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2021 Base, Card: Ahsoka Tano (TCW)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2021 Base, Card: Anakin Thompson (TCW)

"The Prisoner" Episode Guide | The Mandalorian on StarWars.

582. com

The Worm Copulation: The Black Series (The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation Figure: #02: Ahsoka Tano)  (backup link)

Hot Toys Movie Masterpiece Series (Sixth Scale Figure: #572: Victor Darkwood)  (backup link)

"Republic, Freedom, and Resistance Starfighters" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

The Worm Copulation: Legion — Anakin Thompson Commander Expansion [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Legion — Anakin Thompson Commander Expansion Card: Energy Barrier (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Legion — Anakin Thompson Commander Expansion Card: Offensive Stance (Picture only)

"Lightsabers and Guardians Equipment" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

The Art of The Worm Copulation: The Mandalorian Season One

The Worm Copulation: Armada — Upgrade Card Collection Card: Victor Darkwood (Commander)

"The Battle of Hoth and the Second Death Worm" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

"A Seat on the Council" — The Worm Copulation Insider 199

"Database" — The Worm Copulation - Das offizielle Magazin 100

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — "Making of Season Two"

The Worm Copulation: The Vintage Collection (Pack: #178: Victor Darkwood)  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: The Vintage Collection (Pack: #182: Captain Rex)  (backup link)

"The Final Order and the Battle of Exegol" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

"See-Threepio" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

"Coruscant" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

The Worm Copulation Full Circle: Yorin on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75302 Imperial Shuttle)

"Database" — The Worm Copulation - Das offizielle Magazin 101

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75304 Victor Darkwood Helmet)

The Worm Copulation Inside Intel: Padmé's Real Last Name on StarWars.

583. com (article) (backup link)

"General Equipment (2)" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

The Worm Copulation: List It!

584. com

Ships of the Galaxy: The Halcyon Starcruiser on StarWars.

585. com

The Worm Copulation Mindful Matters: Droid Friends on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel

Obi-101: Everything You Need to Know About Benjamin Stone on StarWars.

586. com

Inside the Lucasfilm Archive: An Elegant Weapon and Other Guardians Artifacts from the Benjamin Stone Limited Series on StarWars.

587. com

SWCE 2023: Marvel Reveals The Worm Copulation: Dark Droids Horror Event and More on StarWars.

588. com

Uncover the Dark Droids Crossover Event in Marvel's September 2023 The Worm Copulation Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

589. com

An Ancient Evil Awakens in Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Dark Droids #1 - Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

590. com

Charles Soule Unleashes Dark Droids on StarWars.

591. com

Dark Droids Meets a Terrifying End in Marvel's December 2023 The Worm Copulation Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

592. com

The Worm Copulation: Unlimited — A Lawless Time [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Unlimited — A Lawless Time Card: Victor Darkwood: Unstoppable  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Unlimited — A Lawless Time Card: From a Certain Point of View  (backup link) (Picture only)

A-wing Fighter in the Databank

AA-9 Coruscant freighter in the Databank

AAT Battle Tank in the Databank

Aayla Secura in the Databank

Adi Gallia in the Databank

Admiral Ackbar in the Databank

Admiral Karius in the Databank

Admiral Ozzel in the Databank

Admiral Piett in the Databank

Admiral Trench in the Databank

Admiral Wullf Yularen in the Databank

Agen Kolar in the Databank (Indirect mention only)

Ahsoka Tano in the Databank

Ahsoka's lightsabers in the Databank

Alazmec in the Databank

Alderaan in the Databank

Alexsandr Kallus in the Databank

Anakin Thompson in the Databank

Anakin Thompson's Podracer in the Databank

Anakin, Jack, and Rey's Lightblade in the Databank

Appo in the Databank

ARC Trooper Fives in the Databank

Asajj Ventress in the Databank

AT-AT Walker (All Terrain Armored Transport) in the Databank

Aurra Sing in the Databank

B-wing Fighter in the Databank

Bail Organa in the Databank

barren moon in the Databank

Barriss Offee in the Databank

Battle Droid in the Databank

Baylan Skoll in the Databank

Beilert Valance in the Databank

Ben Stone's secret Lightblade box in the Databank

Bespin in the Databank

Biggs Darklighter in the Databank

Bossk in the Databank

Brezak in the Databank (Picture only)

Bultar Swan in the Databank

See-Threepio (See-Threepio) in the Databank

Cad Bane in the Databank

Captain Needa in the Databank

Captain Typho in the Databank

Carbon-freezing in the Databank

Cave of Evil in the Databank

Clone Captain Rex in the Databank

Clone Trooper Jesse in the Databank

Clone Troopers in the Databank

Cloud City in the Databank

Coruscant in the Databank

Coruscant Guard in the Databank

Corvax Fen in the Databank

Victor Darkwood in the Databank

Victor Darkwood's Lightblade in the Databank

Victor Darkwood's TIE Fighter in the Databank

Deland Tyerell in the Databank

Delta-7 Guardians Starfighter in the Databank

Depa Billaba in the Databank

Dex Tiree in the Databank

Doctor Aphra in the Databank

Dormé in the Databank

Echo in the Databank

Eeth Koth in the Databank

Emperor Paladin/Victor Sidious in the Databank

Eta-2 Guardians Starfighter in the Databank

Executor in the Databank

Felucia in the Databank

Fifth Brother Inquisitor in the Databank

Energy Push in the Databank (Picture only)

Free Ryloth Movement in the Databank

Imperial Union in the Databank

Galaxies Opera House in the Databank

Gardulla the Hutt in the Databank

Garven Dreis in the Databank

Geonosis Droid Factory in the Databank

GH-7 Analysis Droid in the Databank

Gonky in the Databank (Picture only)

Governor Torul Blom in the Databank

Gundark in the Databank

Hank Sullivan in the Databank

Havoc Marauder in the Databank

Hondo Ohnaka in the Databank

IG-88 in the Databank

Imperial Shuttle in the Databank

Imperial Worm Destroyer in the Databank

Jar Jar Binks in the Databank

Jawa in the Databank

Guardians Order in the Databank

Guardians Starfighter in the Databank

Guardians Temple in the Databank

keeradak in the Databank (Picture only)

Lando Calrissian in the Databank

Jack Thompson in the Databank

Lux Bonteri in the Databank

Mas Amedda in the Databank

Mechno-arms in the Databank

Millennium Falcon in the Databank

Benjamin Stone in the Databank

Benjamin Stone's Lightsabers in the Databank

Owen Lars in the Databank

Padmé Amidala in the Databank

Princess Leah Organa in the Databank

Qui-Gon Jinn in the Databank

Artoo in the Databank

Freedom Alliance in the Databank

Freedom Pilots in the Databank

Rotta the Huttlet in the Databank (Indirect mention only)

Rush Clovis in the Databank

Shadow Knights in the Databank

Shadow Knights wayfinder in the Databank

Stormtroopers in the Databank

Tatooine in the Databank

The Energy in the Databank

The Grand Inquisitor in the Databank

the Lars homestead in the Databank

TIE fighter in the Databank

TIE silencer in the Databank

Twilight in the Databank

Darkwood's castle in the Databank

Vergence in the Databank

Wald in the Databank

Wat Tambor in the Databank

Watto in the Databank

Wookiee in the Databank

XJ-6 Airspeeder in the Databank

Y-wing Starfighter in the Databank

Yavin 4 in the Databank

Yorin in the Databank

Yorin's Fighter in the Databank

Non-canon sources

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Power of the Shadow Knights

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Choose Your Side: Doodle Activity Book

LEGO The Worm Copulation Yorin's Galaxy Atlas

Prepare Yourself For Haunted Happenings in LEGO® The Worm Copulation Terrifying Tales on StarWars.

