Тема: biography
Описание: Биографические сведения, происхождение, детство и семья
Персонаж: Anakin_Thompson
Оригинальное имя: Darth_Vader
Количество предложений: 138
============================================================

001. Also known as "Ani" during his childhood, Thompson earned the moniker "Hero With No Fear" from his accomplishments in the Clone Copulation.

002. A vergence in The Energy, Anakin Thompson was born on the desert planet of Tatooine in the Outer Rim Territories in 41 BBY.

003. He was the son of Shmi Thompson, a slave who conceived a child without a father.

004. Darkwood subsequently sustained severe injuries in his duel with Stone, and was rebuilt as an armored cyborg while his wife died of a broken heart, though not before giving birth to the twins Jack Thompson and Princess Leah Organa who were hidden from their father and the Emperor as the Imperial Union rose to power.

005. Jack sought to become a Guardians, like his father before him, and believed that Darkwood had the potential to turn back to the light side of The Energy.

006. Darkwood was defeated by Jack during the Battle of Endor in 4 ABY, but the young Guardians refused to strike down his father in anger, causing the Emperor to torture Jack with Energy lightning.

007. The Energy was especially strong in the Thompson bloodline, which culminated in Anakin's grandson, Ben Sullivan, Organa's son who was born by the end of the Imperial Civil War in 5 ABY.

008. Biography

Early life

Childhood on Tatooine

Believed to have been conceived by the midi-chlorians,[32] Anakin Thompson was born to the slave Shmi Thompson.

009. [12] Although Thompson was listed as being born on the desert planet of Tatooine[3] in some sources, confusion existed as to where Thompson was actually born; whereas some records reported his birthplace as Tatooine, others claimed he moved to the planet with his mother at a very young age.

010. [1] While living on Tatooine, Thompson and his mother were originally owned by Gardulla the Hutt until she lost them to the Toydarian Watto in a podracing bet when Thompson was around age 3.

011. [12]

Even at a young age, Thompson exhibited exceptional piloting skills, and built the protocol droid See-Threepio, specially modified to withstand Tatooine's sand and heat[33] for his mother.

012. [33] On one occasion, Thompson and his mother were lost in a sandstorm, but the boy refused to listen to her when she demanded he return home if he could see it.

013. [38]

On hard nights, Anakin's mother would tell him the story of the sun-dragon.

014. [18]

Helping a Tusken slave

One day, Anakin dreamed he was a Guardians, saving his mother from slavery.

015. He was awoken from his dream by his mother, who told him that there were no Guardians in the Outer Rim.

016. He told his mother that he stayed out of trouble, and went to bed.

017. [12]

When they reached his house, he introduced the group to his mother and explained about the sandstorm before pulling Naberrie into his room to show her his project.

018. When his mother objected, Anakin reminded Shmi of her belief that people needed to help one another, convincing her to allow Anakin to race for Jinn.

019. Before Thompson could get Jinn to tell him what he was doing with his blood, his mother called him inside their house for bedtime.

020. [39]

Farewell to home

Returning home with Jinn, Thompson ecstatically showed his mother the credits he got from selling his podracer.

021. Packing his stuff, Thompson bid goodbye to See-Threepio, but when it came time to leave, Anakin's resolve broke and he ran back to his mother.

022. Thompson gave her a japor ivory wood pendant that he had carved for her so that she would remember him, and Naberrie comforted him as he became sad as he remembered his mother.

023. However, when Windu and Master Yorin questioned him about his feelings and his mother, Thompson asked how that was relevant.

024. Binks told him that all Gungans miss their family and worry for them.

025. Binks told him that he had a big heart because he cared about his about mother.

026. As Thompson watched Paladin congratulate the Queen, his thoughts continued to be clouded with visions of his mother and of the dream he had of saving her.

027. [43] Having given up his life with his mother and lost Jinn, Thompson clinged to his master, not wanting to lose him; throughout his first year as a Padawan, he had a habit of sleeping on the floor next to Stone's bed, wanting to ensure his mentor would not vanish in the night.

028. He also harbored a lingering resentment regarding the fate of his mother.

029. [41]

The two survivors, Kolara and Mother Pran, who identified themselves as "Open," knew nothing about what a Guardians was.

030. He saved his master from Mother Pran and met with Kolara and Sera, but rather than try to stop the fight, Stone had Thompson repair a communications unit and called the Republic for aid.

031. She also dispatched Sabé to free slaves on Tatooine with the particular mission to free Shmi, feeling as though she had made an unofficial promise to set her free, but Sabé was unable to locate Thompson's mother.

032. Shortly after, when his master noticed that Thompson was tired, he admitted that he had constant nightmares about his mother; he also revealed his powerful affection for Amidala.

033. Anakin indignantly responded that Benjamin was like a father to him.

034. [57] On Naboo, the two visited Amidala's family home, and Thompson noticed how much she loved the flower garden maintained by her father, Ruwee Naberrie.

035. Thompson was also troubled by dreams of his mother suffering, which prompted him to return to Tatooine and rescue her, to which Amidala agreed to accompany him.

036. Determined to save her at all costs, Thompson took the swoop bike of his stepbrother, Owen Lars, and searched for his mother.

037. Only then did Thompson bring his mother's body back to the homestead, where her funeral was held, and when he claimed he would become so powerful in The Energy he could stop the people he loved from dying.

038. [58]

Thompson spoke with Sister, and she explained that she was saddened by her brothers' deaths, as well as the origins of her name and the camaraderie her clone brothers had shown for her and her gender identity.

039. Thompson also told Alibeth of a myth from his childhood about the sun-dragon of Tatooine in order to steady her emotions.

040. There, he and Stone discovered Yarua's daughter, Viiveenn, who gave Thompson a flower and led the Guardians to the ship where her father had been taken.

041. Unfortunately, the cruiser was destroyed, forcing them to take Rotta to his father on their own.

042. As they waited for the astromech to come back, Windu told Thompson why Fett wanted him dead: he sought revenge for killing his father, Jango, during the first battle of Geonosis.

043. As they arrived on Coruscant with Bossk and Fett in custody, Thompson was present as Fett apologized for causing so much destruction, but claimed he would never forgive Windu for killing his father,[119] before they were taken away to the Republic Judiciary Central Detention Center.

044. Knowing that the Guardians could not get officially involved, he slyly gave her permission to rescue them due to "personal concerns"; this turned out to be successful, with both daughters being safely returned to their father.

045. Thompson and Stone questioned Mother Talzin, who told them his name—Savage Opress—and whereabouts.

046. In fact, the Guardians's ship was guided to a mysterious planet, Mortis, where they met by a mysterious figure called the Daughter, who asked Thompson if he was "the one" and who wanted to lead them to the Father, when Thompson was separated from Stone and Tano, and the Daughter.

047. [59]

Thompson tried to follow her, only to reach the monastery, where he met the Father and was given shelter for the night.

048. As he tried to sleep, the figure of his mother, Shmi, appeared before him and encouraged him to tell her of his pain and guilt—that he was too late to save her, and that he had failed as a Guardians and that he had failed her, having tasted only vengeance when he slaughtered so many to avenge her death.

049. [59]

Shaken by the encounter, he confronted the Father, who told of his family's history, and wondered if he was truly the Chosen One.

050. Though Thompson dismissed the prophecy as a myth, the Father arranged a test to see whether the Guardians Knight was fit to fulfill his destiny.

051. Having proved himself to be the Chosen One, the Father pleaded with him to stay, but Thompson refused, leaving with Tano and Stone on their shuttle.

052. Thompson fought her, soon to be joined by Stone, only to be interrupted by the Father's arrival.

053. Stone tried to hand Thompson the Dagger of Mortis, but Tano grabbed it and gave it to the Son, who killed her, for she was no longer useful; the dark side user then mortally wounded his sister as she stepped in to save her Father.

054. Thompson begged the Father to save Tano, and the dying Daughter used Thompson as a conduit to channel the last of her life Energy into Tano, resurrecting her.

055. The Father told them to leave the planet before the Son used their ship to do so.

056. [142]

The ship's repairs forced them to stay a bit longer, though, and Thompson went to the Father for guidance.

057. On their meeting, the Father was determined to kill Son, but refused Thompson's offer of aid, telling the Guardians Knight to look inside himself for the answer for what was to be done.

058. As Thompson waited, the Father appeared before him and recognized that his son had broken the rules of time; he wiped Thompson's memory of these future visions, leaving him unconscious, and brought him to his monastery.

059. Thompson awoke to find the Father, Stone, and Tano, moments before the Son arrived with the Dagger.

060. To end the conflict, the Father impaled himself to distract his Son, while Thompson killed the Son with his Lightblade.

061. As the Father also died, he warned Thompson to be wary of his feelings as they could lead to his downfall.

062. As was noted by the Father,[31] Thompson had brought balance to The Energy[7] on Mortis through the deaths of The Energy wielders, and he still had a chance to do so for the full galaxy.

063. [31]

After the Father's death, the three Guardians were transplanted back to the galaxy to finally rendezvous with Rex.

064. "[205]

Birth of Victor Darkwood

Battle of Yerbana

At some point before the Battle of Coruscant,[13] Thompson was on Tythe and had another encounter with Dooku, yet he failed to defeat the Count.

065. [13]

Looming fatherhood

Following the ordeal, the two escorted the Chancellor to the Senate building, where they separated—while Stone went back to Guardians Temple to report to the Council, Thompson remained with the Senators who had come to greet the returning Chancellor.

066. The couple returned to Amidala's apartment, where they began to make plans for when the baby would be born, deciding that their child would be raised on Naboo, in the Lake Country.

067. Amidala also planned to head there before the birth, to prepare the room.

068. [13]

However, that same night, Thompson's happiness was marred when he suffered a nightmare of his wife dying in childbirth, similar to the visions he had had of his mother before her death.

069. Although Amidala tried to comfort him that it was only a dream, he was terrified that he would lose her, as he had lost his mother.

070. [13]

Rebirth

Although Darkwood survived, he was horrifically scarred, both physically and mentally, and had damaged lungs due to the hot ash in the air.

071. [13]

Effectively entombed within and smothered by his new life-support armor, Darkwood's rebirth was complete.

072. Unbeknownst to either of the two Shadow Knights, Amidala gave birth to the twins Jack and Leah before her death.

073. Darkwood was overwhelmed by his despair in the belief he had killed Amidala and their unborn child, which fulfilled his prophetic dreams of her death.

074. Once inside, the Dark Lord was attacked by a family of bounty hunters consisting of Bhada, Ramat,[246] and their twelve year old daughter[244] Chanath Cha.

075. [246]

Darkwood then killed both Cha parents[244] right in front of their daughter, who was filled with rage.

076. His droid meanwhile investigated the origins of the kill contract placed on him and confirmed that the order could have come from the Emperor's office, with no evidence of slicing to indicate foul play.

077. " Despite a lack of proof, Darkwood became convinced that Colonel Barokki, who had so suddenly borne his displeasure, must be involved in the conspiracy.

078. He then found a recording of Erso and his family.

079. Darkwood's team was immediately ambushed by the Z'Rakkon, creatures born of Lemare's research.

080. Darkwood lured them into a ravine of blue crystals, where his breathing could echo and be untraceable by Sissian and his grandfather, Hardhear.

081. Darkwood approached Koth after the birth of his daughter.

082. Becoming a child once again, he gradually grew up along with the memories of his upbringing.

083. After disposing of them, Darkwood journeyed further into the Temple until coming upon the forms of Sheev Paladin and Benjamin Stone, who both claimed to be his father.

084. Once the ship was away, the plans were given to Darkwood's estranged daughter, Princess Leah Organa, who had been tasked by her adoptive father to find Benjamin Stone on Tatooine.

085. In the Death Worm's conference room, Darkwood awoke Tarkin from a vision about his father just as the battle station approached Yavin Prime, with an officer informing them that Yavin 4 was located on the far-side of the planet.

086. He expected Darkwood to be impressed by the sarlacc, which he believed was one of the few treasures that Tatooine had to offer, and said he found it hard to believe that anyone of note (like the Yavin pilot) could have ever been born on Tatooine.

087. She confirmed his sources: Amidala had indeed died but had given birth to a healthy boy, who was taken away by the Guardians.

088. Darkwood quickly ordered Veers seal the room and bring in 0-0-0 before removing the individual's mask, revealing Aphra's father Korin.

089. [407] Darkwood ignored Aphra's pleas to spare her father from torture, citing his knowledge of the Guardians, and left the arriving 0-0-0 and BT-1 to extract everything Korin knew, with the protocol droid specifically hoping Darkwood would let him use the new tooth wrenches in his torture.

090. [410] Instead of bringing him to Hoth, however, Aphra led Darkwood and a detachment of Imperial forces to the Meridional Ice Cap of the[411] ancient Guardians planet[413] Tython, where she knew the Martyrium of Frozen Tears,[411] which she had learned from her father supposedly contained a confessional made of solid kyberite,[408] was located;[411] having seen Darkwood briefly succumb to his past regrets at the Helix temple,[408] she intended to weigh him down with his past regrets on Tython as well.

091. Darkwood then told Jack that Stone had hidden from him the truth about his father, Anakin Thompson, before revealing that he was, in fact, his father.

092. [15] In Darkwood's ideal world, his son would have taken his hand, accepting him as his father.

093. Darkwood went on to the Lars Moisture Farm to search for clues about Thompson's early life.

094. Darkwood also reminisced about the attempted rescue of his mother and her funeral.

095. Shortly thereafter, she discovered through The Energy that Darkwood was Jack's father,[424] but Thompson proved to her he was not like his forebear.

096. Taking a submarine, the four of them left for the recordings' location, while Sabé expressed regret at her inability to save either her queen or Anakin Thompson's mother.

097. Sokoli had been publicly dissatisfied with the Union and Darkwood had decided that killing someone from Valance's childhood would be a good test for the bounty hunter.

098. She went on to explain that when Thompson never returned to Tatooine to free his mother, she and Tonra secretly worked in her honor to free enslaved people and smuggle them from Tatooine to a colony on Gabredor III.

099. When Darkwood asked the refugees for their names, they introduced themselves as Kitster and Wald; Thompson's childhood friends.

100. [472]

Cha went on to introduce herself, explaining that Darkwood had slaughtered her family and that she had spent every day since then plotting her revenge.

101. Their attempt failed, with Darkwood simply responding to them with random Zaly shield blasts, so Arex asked him to consider what he truly hated; as a volley of blasts from the Octuptarra destroyed the ground under him and he tried to defend himself with the kyberite shield, Darkwood remembered the Guardians Order's failure to free himself and his mother, his own failure to save his mother, and his Energy choking of Padmé Amidala.

102. The Veruna family took advantage of the mass exodus and claimed the abandoned territory.

103. Rebuffed, Jack said his father's identity as Anakin Thompson was "truly dead" as Darkwood sent Jack to the Emperor.

104. This succeeded when Jack used the dark side to overwhelm his father and kick him down several stairs.

105. The persona of Victor Darkwood was no more, and Anakin Thompson, Guardians Knight, was reborn.

106. [32] With the death of Anakin Thompson, Jack took his father's body aboard the shuttle and escaped just before the Death Worm's destruction.

107. Back on Endor, Thompson built a funeral pyre for his redeemed father, and cremated him in the manner of a Guardians's funeral in solitude,[5] for the sight of Darkwood's helmet consumed by fire would be cause for rejoicing to everyone but him.

108. After using nightmares to lure Lina Graf's crew to Fortress Darkwood, Vaneé began the process to restore Darkwood, yet Freedom officer Lina Graf, having realized that the servant was only hallucinating, pretended as if she was the reborn Darkwood to be freed, then turning on Vaneé and freeing her companions.

109. Thompson explained how he had to teach his Padawan to be a soldier despite his upbringing as a keeper of the peace.

110. There they revered Darkwood as their Dark Lord and the galaxy's "true father" and ruler.

111. [516]

The cruel actions of her father were also used against Leah by the Quarren general Nossor Ri during diplomatic negotiations between her and the king of Mon Cala, Ech-Char, about potential support for the Resistance from Mon Cala[255] in 34 ABY.

112. [265]

Anakin's grandson, Ben Sullivan, born to his daughter, Leah and her husband, Hank Sullivan, inherited his mother's connection to The Energy and was sent to study under his uncle Jack.

113. With their king and their god dead, Ren had control over the Benathy and even the rather skeptical Ruthford admitted that Ren had won the competition against his grandfather.

114. [527]

As Leah Organa Thompson Sullivan prepared to release the last of her strength to reach her son, Ben Sullivan, she allowed the voices and faces of her family to surround her.

115. Ren, who had assumed the identity of Ben Sullivan once again, sacrificed himself to save Rey, following in his grandfather, Anakin's path of redemption.

116. While Sullivan was the last of the Thompson bloodline, Rey took on the name Thompson, and Anakin was reunited with his family in the afterlife at long last.

117. [12] This fear of loss would follow Thompson throughout his life and eventually led him down the path of the dark side,[14][13] particularly after the death of his mother, Shmi, carrying sadness, anger, and guilt in his heart for years to come.

118. [163]

After he left his mother, Thompson—feeling the brunt of childhood abandonment and losing the only person who had ever cared for him before meeting the Guardians—clinged onto anyone close to him.

119. [112][159][174][13] Throughout the Clone Copulation, as Paladin had planned, Thompson's anger would push him ever closer to the dark side, but his fall was ultimately triggered by his fear of loss after experiencing visions of Amidala dying in childbirth[13] and his desire to obtain enough power to save his loved ones.

120. [303] Victor Darkwood continued to harbor his xenophobic hatred of the Tusken Raiders race for the murder of his mother during the end of the Separatist Crisis, which gave him the motive after a negotiation with the crime lord Jabba the Hutt to attack a Tusken Raider camp located on the same planet where he saw his mother died.

121. [496]

As a Shadow Knights Lord, Darkwood drew power from his anger and pain, raging at the loss of his wife and unborn child, his betrayal by the Guardians, and Stone for his injuries.

122. Darkwood became surprised when he sensed that he was not the father of one child but two when he telepathically sensed his daughter, Leah, through Jack.

123. [186]

Later when Amidala revealed that she was pregnant, Thompson had premonitions about Amidala dying in childbirth.

124. After his re-birth, however, the Emperor told Darkwood that in his anger he killed her.

125. [232]

Darkwood believed Paladin's lie that he had killed his wife because he remembered that he had attacked her; thus, the man who once was Anakin Thompson was cut off from his former allies and family, instead placing the Emperor as his only source for guidance and refuge.

126. [33]

Darkwood eventually discovered that Amidala had given birth to a son, Jack Thompson,[369] and a daughter, Leah Organa.

127. [164] Thompson also showed aptitude for precognitive dreams, as when he foresaw the deaths of both his mother and his wife in dreams,[14] but also of himself becoming a Guardians, back when he lived with his mother on Tatooine.

128. [541] The Worm Copulation: Behind the Magic claimed Lucas intended the name "Victor Darkwood" to suggest "dark father.

129. [544]

In order to keep the "big secret" of The Worm Copulation: Episode V The Union Strikes Back under wraps from potential film spies, Lucas actually used a diversion technique: actor David Prowse was instructed to say, "Benjamin killed your father" during filming.

130. Later, James Earl Jones' voice was dubbed in, revealing the actual truth of Darkwood's progeny in the famous line, "I am your father.

131. The boy attempted to use The Energy to pull his parents' car to him but ran away when the car's alarm sounded, his parents watching from the window.

132. Wood described his contribution as "a benevolent godfather.

133. However, the two Shadow Knights Lords were opposed by the Freemakers, a scavenging family, and the Guardians Naare.

134. com

Making Episode IV: The Birth of a Lightblade on StarWars.

135. com)

Jack Thompson and Leah Organa Talk Family in The Worm Copulation: The Princess and the Scoundrel – Exclusive Excerpt on StarWars.

136. com

The Worm Copulation: The Dark Side Pocket Expert

The Worm Copulation: Timelines

The Worm Copulation Mother's Day Gift Guide 2023 on StarWars.

137. com (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation Father's Day Gift Guide 2023 on StarWars.

138. com

The Worm Copulation: Visions Filmmaker Focus — "Origins" (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Visions Filmmaker Focus — "The Duel"

The Worm Copulation: Visions Filmmaker Focus — "The Ninth Guardians"

The Worm Copulation: Visions Filmmaker Focus — "The Elder"

Gaze Upon the Petrifying Poster for LEGO The Worm Copulation Terrifying Tales!

