Тема: abilities
Описание: Силы, навыки, боевые умения, владение Силой и другие способности
Персонаж: Anakin_Thompson
Оригинальное имя: Darth_Vader
Количество предложений: 411
============================================================

001. His blood contained over twenty-thousand midi-chlorians, surpassing Grand Master Yorin and all other Guardians in the galaxy.

002. Qui-Gon Jinn, the Guardians Master who discovered Thompson during the Invasion of Naboo in 32 BBY, theorized that Thompson was conceived by the midi-chlorians.

003. After receiving his knighthood, Thompson oversaw the Guardians training of his own apprentice, Ahsoka Tano.

004. Following the death of Count Dooku during the Battle of Coruscant, Anakin Thompson's faith in the Guardians was further shaken when he was put on the Guardians Council without the rank of master.

005. Darkwood was then sent to Mustafar to exterminate the Separatist Council at the behest of his Shadow Knights Master, who became the self-proclaimed Imperial Emperor.

006. Affectionately nicknamed "Ani," he worked in his master's shop, located in Mos Espa.

007. [12] Once, while he was working in Watto's scrapyard, he found a broken servomotor which he thought he could repair and use on the droid that he was building and asked his master for it.

008. He then sent this blood sample to Stone, who found that the young boy had even more midi-chlorians than esteemed Guardians Grandmaster Yorin.

009. When they were convinced Qui-Gon was fine, the Guardians master introduced Benjamin to Anakin, who was happy to meet another Guardians.

010. [34] With Thompson before the twelve Guardians Masters on the Council, Mace Windu tested Thompson's abilities by asking him to determine what images were appearing on a testing screen that the Guardians was holding but that the boy could not see.

011. The ancient Guardians Master said he sensed a lot of fear in Thompson.

012. He told Thompson that he needed training, which Jinn would ensure that he got.

013. [39]

Joining the Guardians Order

During the Master's funeral, Stone told him that the Council granted permission for him to train Thompson to become a Guardians.

014. [14]

Stone's Padawan

The Chosen One trains

As he grew, Thompson's exceptional skills made him cocky,[14] but he nevertheless idolized Stone,[42][13] thinking there was "no one better" than his master.

015. [44]

Thompson and Stone were at one point joined by Guardians Master Shaak Ti for a complicated mission to Naran-Shiv.

016. [4]

Mission to Dallenor

Sometime after his enrollment into the Order, Thompson was meditating with his master while also holding together many pebbles using The Energy.

017. However, when Master Tosan informed his master that he had a mission from the Council, Anakin's concentration broke due to the surprise of him leaving again.

018. Benjamin told Anakin that he would be back shortly and that he would be training with Yorin in the meantime.

019. Thompson, displeased, complained that he would have to be in the class with "little kids" and that he was far ahead of them in his training.

020. Thompson, angered, proclaimed that Stone's master was dead and that now he was stuck with him.

021. He asked how he could save his Padawan if he could not save his master from dying.

022. "[46][47] Like he had helped Stone before, Guardians Battlemaster Cin Drallig helped Thompson train in Lightblade combat, with Thompson learning a great deal from Drallig's unparalleled expertise.

023. Though Thompson answered that he was and that "training to become a Guardians [was] all [he] ever wanted," it did plant a seed of doubt in his mind.

024. Later, at the Guardians Temple, Thompson confided in Stone that he wished to leave the Order, feeling uncomfortable at the prospect of his entire life being decided when he was only nine years old, and surrendered his Lightblade to his master.

025. As one of the combatant airships began to fall, Thompson and Stone saved its two-person crew by delaying the crash.

026. [41] They were forced to take cover when a "Closed" airship, which Stone fell; Thompson saved its pilot, Grecker, from falling to his death.

027. Soon enough, a task Energy arrived and forced the natives to cease hostilities.

028. In the aftermath, his master offered Thompson his Lightblade, asking if he was still adamant about leaving the Order, but Thompson decided to remain a member.

029. [50]

Inquiring about lightsabers

Some time after his and his master's mission to Carnelion IV,[52] Thompson and Stone were about to spar in the Guardians Temple training grounds when Anakin asked his master why the Guardians use lightsabers as opposed to any other weapon powered by kyber crystals.

030. [51]

Rescuing Master Yorin

At some point after the mission to Carnelion IV,[53] Thompson was being tested by Stone, who was having the Padawan attempt to defend from a group of Marksman-H training remotes using a wooden stick rather than his Lightblade, in the presence of Yorin, Windu, and Master Bant Eerin.

031. When Thompson used The Energy to grab his master's Lightblade, completing the trial using it instead, he and Stone began to argue with one another, which made Yorin, Windu, and Eerin walk away.

032. [54]

Disobeying Stone and riding down to the Temple storage level by using two training remotes to travel through the Temple's vents, Thompson followed The Energy to the training stores, where he was attacked by the cause of the disturbance: a team of battle droids.

033. As the droids and Thompson fought, the Padawan was forced to use The Energy and electroblades he found in a nearby box, as Stone had taken his Lightblade after his training maneuver.

034. [54]

A memorable training session

Later, Thompson was waiting for his master in one of the Guardians Temple's training areas, where he gazed out the window until Stone joined him for a sparring session.

035. After exchanging light-hearted remarks with his master, whom he had started to think would not be coming, Thompson and Stone began their duel, during which Thompson showed extreme aggression.

036. He continued his aggressive strikes until Stone was backed into a corner, where he locked sabers with his master and demanded he admit defeat.

037. The duel carried on as Thompson again continued to beat Stone back until he knocked his master's Lightblade away, which Thompson took as a sign that the duel was over.

038. Both men remembered the training session for years to come.

039. When the bounty hunter Zam Wesell shot her droid down, Thompson arrived upon the scene as his Master was in free fall.

040. [14]

Thompson, an expert pilot himself, quickly caught up to Wesell.

041. He ultimately was forced to let go when she shot at him, although not before getting a good look at her, wherein he deduced that Zam was not only a female but also a changeling (he'd briefly glimpsed Wesell's true form when she looked up).

042. Inside the Outlander Club, Anakin was instructed by his master to search the premises while he went for a drink at the bar.

043. [14]

Return to Tatooine

Subsequently, the Council sent the Master and Padawan on separate missions—Thompson, on his first Sullivan mission, would protect Amidala on Naboo, whereas Stone continued an investigation into Amidala's aggressors that took him to Kamino.

044. Nevertheless, they fought a losing battle against an overwhelming amount of battle droids, including droidekas, B1-series battle droids, and B2-series super battle droids, until Master Yorin arrived with the newly established Grand Army of the Republic and safely boarded the survivors of the arena onto LAAT/i gunships.

045. [18] Later, Thompson served with his Guardians Master as[58] an informal[18] Guardians Commander, participating in battles on a rocky planet alongside Stone's[58] 7th Sky Corps[17] and Clone Marshal Commander Cody.

046. Stone, now a Guardians Master and an acting Council member, was selected to travel to Cato Neimoidia to investigate the explosion.

047. When he lost contact with Stone, Thompson disobeyed orders to rescue his former master with Alibeth by his side.

048. As she ran Stone told him to wait, but Thompson ignored his master and ran after anyways.

049. [69]

Siege of Hisseen

Sometime later, the Guardians Council sent Thompson, along with Stone and Guardians Master Plo Koon, along with their respective battalions to the besieged planet of Hisseen in order to stop a Separatist victory on the planet.

050. The three jumped into combat as Koon used The Energy to push several droids into one another, destroying them.

051. Thompson agreed to attack the foundry quickly before Separatist reinforcements arrived.

052. [74]

Thompson spoke with Master Stone about his plan for attack, who reminded Thompson to trust his feelings and The Energy.

053. Instead, a young Togruta girl, Ahsoka Tano, arrived to relay Master Yorin's message for them to return to Coruscant for a new mission, presenting herself as Thompson's new Padawan, much to his dismay.

054. With considerable effort, the Master-Padawan pair seized Rotta and escaped aboard an abandoned G9 Rigger-class light freighter, the Twilight.

055. Just then, the fighting was stopped by a Hutt who had the combatants surrounded by security.

056. While Tri'vak begged the Hutt for mercy, Ventress stabbed the senator in the back and used her lightsabers to shatter a nearby window, leaping out into space and escaping in her fanblade starfighter.

057. [79]

The Malevolence

When news reached them of the destruction of Guardians Master Plo Koon's fleet in the Abregado system, Thompson and his Padawan set out to rescue him and any survivors in spite of his orders to rendezvous with Stone's fleet.

058. Placing AT-TEs on the nearby asteroids, he managed to destroy the Separatist frigates and forced Grievous to retreat in the Soulless One, resulting in a pursuit by Thompson.

059. After taking direct hits to their shuttle, they were forced to crash-land on the planet.

060. [90]

Quell and Maridun

Sent in as reinforcements for Guardians Master Aayla Secura's and Commander Bly's forces, which were heavily outnumbered and overpowered during the Battle of Quell, Thompson, Tano, Rex, and their forces assisted in an evacuation of Secura's cruiser as it fell under heavy Separatist fire.

061. Though the plant attacked them, they obtained the root and bid farewell to Hood before taking off, only to be forced to turn back after encountering a laser web, the work of the Separatists.

062. However, during the battle, she disobeyed her master's orders and lost many men, for which Thompson reprimanded her when she arrived back at the Resolute, yet understood her good intentions.

063. [68]

After Stone and his men were able to take out the proton cannons and allow the transports to land,[96] whereas Windu headed for Lessu with his forces, Thompson and his forces secured the space around Ryloth, forcing the remaining Separatist cruisers to flee.

064. However, a Republic fleet[102] commanded by Wolffe[103] was able to break past the Separatist blockade, so Thompson and the others could be evacuated by Master Plo Koon.

065. However, Tano refused to retreat, and Stone and Thompson went to retrieve her before her forces were overrun by droids.

066. Back at the Guardians Temple, Thompson attempted to take the blame for her disobedience, citing that he had given her more freedom due to her skills.

067. After a duel with Tano, the bounty hunter took her as a hostage, and Thompson was forced to bow to Bane's demands and open the holocron.

068. Though he did so, Thompson also pulled his and Tano's lightsabers to himself and attacked Bane.

069. With the use of RX-200 Falchion-class assault tanks, the Republic forces put the creature to sleep, convincing the Dugs that it was dead.

070. Thompson accompanied her to the Guardians Council, where the Masters encouraged her to find out about his possible treachery.

071. Intending to make a three-pronged attack against the shield generator, Thompson, Tano, and the 501st Legion set out to attack the Separatist defense lines from the south to reach the rendezvous point—with only Stone's forces arriving at the landing zone, as both Mundi's and Thompson's transports were shot down and forced to make their way to Stone's position by foot.

072. Though they encountered resistance, Thompson's team met up with Mundi's forces.

073. [110]

Sending Tano and Offee to recover out of the battlefield, Stone and Mundi returned to join in the clean-up of Separatist forces.

074. Forced to wait until the storm lifted after her last contact, Thompson and Stone went to Unduli's last known location, the Progate Temple.

075. [112]

Saleucami

Following the capture of Guardians Master Eeth Koth in the Outer Rim, General Grievous sent a holo-transmission to the Guardians Council, in which Grievous stated that he did not care about the Guardians's politics, nor their Republic, concluding that he lived only to see them all die.

076. As a distraction, Admiral Yularen and Stone engaged Grievous's forces over Saleucami, with Stone allowing the Surrogator to be boarded by Grievous.

077. The confrontation, however, caused a crowd to leave the bar at once—during which Tano lost her Lightblade, which prompted her to seek the help of Guardians Master Tera Sinube when they went back to the Temple, as she did not want Thompson to find out she had lost her weapon.

078. [117] On the ship, Thompson and Stone told their men to be on alert, when Kryze requested their presence before her, and Thompson correctly surmised that Stone had strong feelings for her just as his former master told him of their past together.

079. The Guardians Master did not agree, until Koon and Tano showed them a message from Fett and Sing, with hostages—one of them, Ponds, killed in cold blood by Sing.

080. Wondering who would pay for Amidala's assassination, Yorin had Tano use her improved precognitive abilities to find out who was behind the assassination attempt.

081. [130]

Intense training

After arriving late to one of Tano's training sessions, Thompson became frustrated with the simplicity of the exercises.

082. In turn, he told her to meet with him later for an actual training session.

083. Thompson explained that this was the point and that he wanted her training to be difficult so that she would know how to protect herself.

084. [131] Sometime later, Thompson was sparring with Tano, teaching her how to fight with two lightsabers.

085. When Master Yorin entered to spar with her, Thompson watched as she struggled against Yorin, but ultimately learned how to use Jar'Kai more effectively.

086. [135]

Guardians Ceremony

One day, Thompson was waiting with Master Yorin in the Guardians temple grounds for Tano.

087. As Stone and Ventress crashed in the hangar of the Separatist command ship, Thompson soon landed to assist his former master; together, the two Guardians engage Ventress in a duel.

088. They were then met by the Death Wind, who allowed the Guardians to see their leader in exchange for their lightsabers.

089. Though Thompson sought his advice, Jinn advised him to remember his training and trust his instincts, and to go to the Well of the Dark Side to face his most personal challenge.

090. There, the Son forced Thompson to confront his future, one consumed by the dark side.

091. [144]

The Citadel

More than one year and nine months into the war,[146] following the capture of Guardians Council member Even Piell by the Separatists, Thompson and Stone were briefed by Master Plo Koon and sent along with their team—which included Rex, Cody, Echo, and Fives—to infiltrate the Citadel on Lola Sayu to retrieve Master Piell, who held the information on the Nexus Route.

092. Forced to take her along, the team made its way to the facilities, leaving the astromech to guard their shuttle.

093. [146]

As they made their way out of the fuel line to rendezvous with Artoo and the shuttle, they were attacked by droids and forced to join Stone at their pick-up point, with the shuttle heavily guarded.

094. The creatures claimed Master Piell's life, who passed his intel on to Tano, and the group took a moment to honor his death.

095. [145]

Padawan lost

Thompson, Tano, and 501st forces fought on Felucia alongside Plo Koon and his clones in taking out a reinforced Separatist outpost.

096. Master Koon then informed that he had alerted all forces throughout the Outer Rim and assured Thompson that she would be found eventually, but also firmly told him that their mission on Felucia was finished and that they had to return to Coruscant.

097. [150]

Back at the Temple, Thompson relentlessly searched for possibilities in the Worm charts, which prompted Koon to suggest that he should trust in Tano's abilities.

098. Tano, however, assured him that his instruction gave her the skills necessary to survive and thanked him for his guidance.

099. The two bowed to each other in newfound mutual respect under the delighted eye of Master Yorin.

100. [151]

Skirmish on Retta

On Retta, Thompson ambushed a group of B1 battle droids alongside Grand Master Yorin.

101. After being separated with Yorin, he met the Guardians Master and Kreeda again, the latter of whom explained she was protecting refugees of the Clone Copulation.

102. Along with Ackbar, they contacted Yorin and Windu, who dispatched a company of clone troopers equipped for underwater combat under the command of Kit Fisto and Tano.

103. Forced to retreat into the caves below, they regrouped to decide their next course of action—to retreat to the surface, only return to the sea floor as their frigate was destroyed and they were attacked by more enemies.

104. As Dooku killed Loo and revealed his secret input in the Battle of Naboo, Thompson dueled the Count, only to be overwhelmed by Dooku's powers and his four MagnaGuards.

105. As he and Rex awaited the rest of their men, hoping to move out soon and reinforce General Stone's battalion, Dogma reported that all platoons had reported in, and Thompson told him to get some rest.

106. [64]

Shortly after this, the Umbarans ambushed Thompson and his troops, but an airstrike by Master Krell and Odd Ball saved them.

107. [64] Despite Krell's efforts to sabotage the Republic effort by tricking the 501st and the 212th battalions into attacking each other, Stone was successful in taking the capital and routing the remaining Umbaran forces, securing all sectors of the planet for the Republic.

108. [157]

After ten rotations of Yorin's last contact with the Togruta colonists on Kiros, Thompson, Tano, Rex, Cody, Stone, and their forces arrived at the world to investigate its silence, with Thompson particularly worried they would be too late.

109. [159]

Instead, he freed Stone and tried to escape with Artoo returning their lightsabers, Rex providing cover fire and Tano confronting the Queen.

110. However, Scintel gasped that his friends would die unless he obeyed her, and Thompson was forced to comply and become her bodyguard and escort, just as she became infatuated by him.

111. [160]

After contacting Plo Koon to send reinforcements, Thompson and Tano soon reached Kadavo and entered the slave-processing facility.

112. However, the sniper killed Stone before escaping on a speeder, prompting Thompson to return to his master, to find Tano crying and his old master dead, whom he called several times trying to get him to respond.

113. [163]

As he reunited with his old master, he voiced his resentment for the Council's lack of trust in him as well as Stone's decision to hide the truth from him.

114. Thompson suggested training the rebels in subversive combat tactics; though it verged on terrorism, which the Guardians would not support, the High Council decided to send advisors to the Freedom cell for the upcoming battle.

115. The team trained the rebels to combat droids, until Separatist probe droids discovered their outpost and attacked, which prompted the cell to enter Iziz.

116. [170] Thompson was waiting for Stone when the Guardians Master returned to the Temple hangar, where Thompson saw through Stone's attempt to hide his sorrow.

117. Only after seven rotations of stalemated combat, did they manage to push Trench's forces to a breaking point.

118. [186]

Sifo-Dyas' secret

After Guardians Master Plo Koon intercepted a distress call from a lost shuttle and discovered Sifo-Dyas's Lightblade, its late owner being responsible for the secret creation of the Clone Army.

119. Relaunching the investigation of Sifo-Dyas's death, Thompson and Stone were sent to Felucia, where they spoke to the tribal leaders to find out what happened to the late Guardians Master.

120. Stone was told that the Felucians had cremated his body and that another Guardians had been with him when he was killed and reported their findings to Master Yorin.

121. After engaging Dooku in combat, they learned that the man called Tyranus was, in fact, the Count.

122. Later, when Yorin submitted himself for medical examination by Rig Nema, Thompson informed them that Chancellor Paladin wanted to hold an emergency meeting with Yorin, to which Windu responded, leaving the Grand Master free to undergo a deprivation ritual.

123. Thompson, Mundi, Stone, Koon, and Nema watched over the old master until Stone interrupted it before it was too late, and Yorin claimed to have spoken with the dead.

124. [143]

With the Council worried for his health, Yorin was placed under the surveillance of guards, so the Guardians Master asked to Thompson to see him.

125. [191]

The catastrophe forced LebJau to move to another planet as the population knew he had collaborated with the ones who devastated Mokivj.

126. [195]

Crystal crisis on Utapau

During the last months of the war, Stone and Thompson were sent to Utapau to investigate the mysterious death of Guardians Master Tu-Anh.

127. [199]

Vos and Ventress

Guardians Master Quinlan Vos had been tasked by the Guardians Council to assassinate Dooku with the help of Asajj Ventress, but during a mission to Raxus Secundus the Guardians turned to the dark side due to Dooku's manipulations and Ventress's training.

128. When they saw Vos attempt to Energy the Count to lead him to his master, Victor Sidious, rather than kill him, Thompson and Stone intervened, taking the pair by surprise and arresting them.

129. [200]

A New Droid Army

After confiscating a Munificent-class Worm frigate with Squad 326, Thompson was joined by Grand Master Yorin and informed about the mysterious Separatist project, Operation: Titan.

130. After Yorin came back and aided in the fight, the team escaped before reinforcements arrived.

131. Master Windu agreed with Yorin and wished them luck, ending the transmission.

132. Thompson, terrified for the Grand Master's safety, got into his interceptor and chased after the droid.

133. In response the Guardians stopped in his tracks, and although dismayed that his effort to be secretive had been for naught, Thompson kept his composure and only gave his master a knowing glance before walking away.

134. There, they convinced the natives to help them against the Techno Union's forces, including their octuptarra tri-droids, with Thompson effectively destroying two of them.

135. [211] Along with the 501st and 212th, Thompson and Stone were sent to Yerbana to take down the Separatist forces on the planet.

136. Next, Thompson stepped into the fight and convinced his Master to follow his plan.

137. Thompson faked a surrender to draw out the droid commander, who saw through the lies of the Guardians Knight; however, it was too late, as Thompson used his Energy abilities to destroy the droid commander, allowing his 501st Legion led by Captain Rex to make a surprising ambush on the rest of the droid army, ending the conflict.

138. [210]

Tano hoped Thompson and Stone would be able to join forces with her to confront him.

139. [210]

Tano, however, was angered by her former Masters' decision to abandon Mandalore.

140. Thompson gave Tano her new lightsabers complimenting them as better than before.

141. The next day, at the Guardians Temple, he sought Yorin's counsel concerning these dreams, but the Grand Master told Thompson that death was a natural part of life, and to let go of all that he was afraid to lose.

142. Matters were made worse when the Senate announced that they planned to grant him more executive powers in order to facilitate the end of the war.

143. So Thompson met with Paladin at his office, where he told him that he was appointing the young Guardians to be his personal representative on the Council, a decision that Thompson believed the Guardians Masters would never accept.

144. [13]

When informed of this, the Council allowed Thompson to sit on the Council, yet they refused to grant him the position of Master, a decision which greatly angered Thompson.

145. In reality, the tale was about his Shadow Knights Master and how he killed him.

146. Thompson informed the Chancellor of Stone's forces engaging Grievous's, but during the meeting, Paladin revealed that he knew the dark side of The Energy, leading Thompson to realize that he was the Shadow Knights Lord they had been searching for.

147. Desperate to save Padmé, he reluctantly betrayed the Guardians and pledged himself to service under his new Shadow Knights Master, Victor Sidious.

148. [13]

During the assault, Darkwood killed dozens of Guardians,[223] such as Master Cin Drallig.

149. Convinced that his wife had betrayed him to give his old master a chance to kill him, Darkwood, ignoring her attempts to explain, Energy-choked Amidala until Stone demanded he let her go, by which point she had already fallen unconscious.

150. Blinded by rage and arrogance, Darkwood leaped to continue the duel, only to have his remaining limbs severed by his former master's blade, leaving only his cybernetic arm.

151. Crippled, Darkwood slid down to the riverbank while screaming his undying hatred for his former master.

152. There, he and Darkwood watched as Mas Amedda directed a ceremonial burning of the lightsabers of all the Guardians who had been killed in the Temple.

153. He asked Darkwood if he understood, to which Darkwood replied that he did, stating that he could have given him any of the burning Guardians lightsabers to corrupt, even Yorin's.

154. [232]

As the ceremony progressed, the clone troopers attending the vent threw a basket full of various lightsabers into the incinerator, including Yorin's.

155. The lightsabers caught on fire and a moment later, a powerful blast of energy was released into the air as the kyber crystals were destroyed.

156. The search identified Guardians Master Kirak Infil'a, a Guardians who had been completely dedicated to combat to the exclusion of all else.

157. The Guardians Master immediately confronted Darkwood, and was seized in a Energy choke by the Dark Lord.

158. One of the Guardians Master's training droids, Arex, then opened a sluice gate which sent a river of water crashing down upon Darkwood.

159. Darkwood quickly unleashed a Energy push that blasted Infil'a off his feet and dazed him long enough for Darkwood, who was unarmed, to destroy Arex and take the droid's training saber.

160. He then tracked Infil'a to Am'balaar City, where he reengaged the astonished Guardians Master.

161. As Infil'a attempted without success to use his own powers to stop the destruction, Darkwood telekinetically removed the Guardians's Lightblade from his belt and claimed it for his own.

162. As he knelt in contrition in front of his former master, Benjamin called out to Darkwood by his former name, Anakin.

163. [233]

Training the Inquisitorius

Shortly after returning to his master, Darkwood retired to a medical chamber so his damaged cybernetic components could be repaired.

164. Darkwood was then taken to The Works, where Darkwood saw the rest of the Inquisitorius training themselves.

165. Given the mission to train the Inquisitorius and agreeing to do so right away,[238] Darkwood dueled the Sixth Brother in a training session and cut off his arm in order to teach him about loss.

166. Darkwood then spoke with the Grand Inquisitor about improving the Inquisitorius' training methods.

167. [242]

The Weapon of the Shadow Knights

Darkwood followed his master to The Works district on Coruscant, where the two prepared for a sparring match in which Sidious intended to teach him a lesson.

168. Sidious ignited one of his lightsabers and told Darkwood to fight him, to which Darkwood ignited his own saber before his master charged against him.

169. His master told him that the Lightblade was not his only weapon and that the Dark Side of The Energy was his true weapon, a weapon that touches everything.

170. On his knees, Darkwood told his master that he understood his lesson.

171. [243]

Defiance from the Imperial hierarchy

Hunted by the Chas

Believing that he lost all that he cared about by his own hand, Victor Darkwood embraced his role as the Emperor's chief enforcer.

172. They resented him for appearing out of nowhere and having authority over them because of his link to his Master.

173. They also resented his heavy-handed treatment of them, such as when he used The Energy in the presence of his Master to choke Colonel Barokki.

174. Although the Ninth Sister had originally been planning to investigate alone, Darkwood had come, claiming she was not yet ready to face a Guardians in combat but secretly because he wanted to fight another Guardians.

175. The Ninth Sister commented on his true desire, using her empathic abilities to read him clearly.

176. However, he used The Energy to seize the Lightblade midair and, under the strain of the two opposing forces, the hilt shattered, leaving only the red kyber crystal.

177. Ramat Cha, a talented slicer, offered to uncover their employer for him in exchange for their daughter's life.

178. She trained herself to counter Darkwood's abilities, eventually enlisting a team of fellow hunters as "the Orphans" to help her in her quest.

179. Cha's skills rose to a level that even Paladin took notice,[244] becoming a bounty hunter the Emperor could trust[248] all in the name of possibly getting close to Darkwood, only to never see him.

180. Now suspecting that the Emperor had placed the bounty on his head, the Dark Lord planned to confront his Master about his intentions.

181. Darkwood informed his master of the events on Cabarria and his investigation into the kill order against him, before directly asking his Master whether he had placed it on his head as part of a test.

182. [245]

Darkwood returned to his quarters, where he meditated on the past events and his Master's words.

183. His forces landed at Dac City, where Darkwood had arrived, and laid siege to the Mon Calamari and Quarren defenses.

184. Darkwood and the Inquisitors arrived at Bel City and marched down the hallway, reinforced by the Inquisitors and the Purge troopers.

185. He ran to his terminal and sent a message to the Mon Calamari and Quarren forces, ordering them to cease fire.

186. [146] With Paladin forced to spend most of his time governing the galaxy at large,[258] it was Darkwood who was tasked with taking a direct hand against the Union's enemies,[257] becoming known as the "Emperor's Fist" to both Imperials[259] and, eventually, criminals.

187. [261]

One Imperial captain who served under Darkwood in the immediate aftermath of the Clone Copulation alleged to a later subordinate, Yrica Quell, that Darkwood "matured" over the years: while during his first days as an Imperial enforcer Darkwood would simply murder out of annoyance, Darkwood came to wait for a subordinate to commit a mistake, albeit sometimes a trivial one, to have an excuse to kill.

188. As the Emperor's enforcer, Darkwood retained command of the unit he had commanded during the Clone Copulation as Anakin Thompson: the 501st Legion.

189. When the Emperor retired the clone troopers, the rank and file of the 501st were composed of recruited stormtroopers, some of whom received training from the Dark Lord himself, such as Sergeant Kreel, an undercover agent whom Darkwood trained in Lightblade combat.

190. [277]

Igniting the lightsabers' blue blade, Darkwood heard a squawking sound and turned his head to the sky, where he saw a strange bird soaring through the air.

191. [266]

In the Imperial Palace, Darkwood reunited with his master.

192. The Emperor ordered Darkwood to oversee a training session conducted by Commandant Pell Baylo on the Defiance while the Emperor met with his naval chiefs in Baylo's office on the training ship.

193. It was during this training session that Darkwood began to believe that Sidious was treating him much the same way the Guardians Council had previously: acting as he knew better, keeping information from Darkwood, giving him "busywork.

194. The Emperor ordered Baylo to turn over command of the Defiance and take a position at the training center on Corellia.

195. [266]

Darkwood's exceptional piloting skills allowed him to evade the boat and then fly upside down over its cockpit within direct visual range of its pilots.

196. [266]

After giving them their coordinates, they were finally surrounded by Syndulla's forces, but so did Mors's, aiding them in quelling the rebellion.

197. Knowing of Darkwood's brutal abilities, Tarkin outfitted the hunters with slugthrowers and flamethrowers to avoid the possibility of Darkwood deflecting their shots.

198. Tarkin soon crawled from the range of Darkwood's Energy abilities, and Darkwood continued lying there.

199. [283]

Hunt for Eeth Koth and rogue Inquisitors

Darkwood, along with the Fifth Brother, Tualon Yaluna, and the Thirteenth Sister Inquisitors,[285] was able to track down former Guardians Master and Council member Eeth Koth to a planet where he was a priest of the Church of the Ganthic Enlightenment.

200. When the Inquisitors refused to kill him, Darkwood used The Energy to activate their lightsabers and kill them.

201. However, to the surprise of his master, Darkwood refused.

202. When Darkwood questioned how his master had learned of a Shadow Knights Lord not mentioned in any Shadow Knights nor Guardians holocron he had studied, Sidious vaguely answered that the mask itself had told him about Momin.

203. After killing his master and studying the lore of the dark side, Momin constructed a weapon which, along with his use of The Energy, would freeze a city's population forever at the moment of their deaths.

204. Darkwood was then met in combat by Momin, who mocked Darkwood for thinking he could control the dark side.

205. [299]

Sometime later, Darkwood contacted his master and informed him that he was still alive.

206. Darkwood pursued the Guardians Master into the quarry.

207. [292]

Attacking Jabiim

Aboard the Devastator, Darkwood reflected on a long ago training duel against Stone in the Guardians Temple as the Guardians's Padawan before his captain alerted him to the Third Sister's arrival.

208. After the Third Sister and her forces secured the Path's hangar, Darkwood arrived on the surface.

209. Darkwood forced his way into the hangar and found a transport attempting to leave.

210. The Guardians Master had remembered the old training duel where his Padawan had shown shortsightedness because of his anger, which inspired him to exploit Darkwood's ruthlessness and single-minded focus.

211. Darkwood departed the Devastator alone aboard a shuttle[303] and chased Stone above the moon's moon's dry lands[304] before landing in[303] those dry lands,[304] where he confronted Stone and asked if his former master was there to destroy him.

212. Darkwood vowed that Stone would die and the two engaged in a Lightblade duel, with Darkwood utilizing a combination of one-handed and two-handed combat, that passed from the dry lands into[303] a labyrinth of rock pinnacles.

213. On the offensive, Stone used his superior use of Soresu and the more aggressive Ataru utilized by his late master, Qui-Gon Jinn to overwhelm the Shadow Knights Lord before using The Energy to hurl Darkwood against a rock.

214. During the attack, he breached the burning Archive and came face-to-face with Cere Junda once more, beginning a heated duel between the Shadow Knights Lord and the prepared Guardians Master, whose skills had grown considerably since their battle on Nur; having let go of her fear, Junda proved to be a challenge for Darkwood over the course of their duel, during which Darkwood also used the various Guardians texts around them as projectiles.

215. [2]

After Imperial forces under Tarkin captured Jarrus during the Spectres' raid against the Lothal Communications Center,[309] he was scheduled to be taken aboard Tarkin's Worm Destroyer Sovereign to Mustafar,[310] where he would be taken to Fortress Darkwood.

216. [312] Darkwood also made sure the Grand Inquisitor's service was not yet finished: Darkwood prevented the Inquisitor's spirit from passing into the Netherworld of The Energy and forced him to stand guard over a Guardians outpost on Tempes as a trap for any would-be Guardians searching for artifacts.

217. However, on board the Ghost, Ahsoka Tano decided to combine her powers with Kanan's in order to probe Darkwood's mind with The Energy.

218. Darkwood then revealed to the Emperor that he had discovered that Tano was alive, and told his master that he believed that she was in league with the rebels.

219. [279]

As per his master's orders, Darkwood assigned the Fifth Brother the task,[315] with the Seventh Sister also joining the hunt[316] on Darkwood's order.

220. This prompted Tano to proclaim in disgust that while she had begun to suspect that Darkwood and her former master were one and the same, she could no longer believe that due to Darkwood's cruelty.

221. Darkwood replied that Thompson had been weak and that he himself had destroyed her former master.

222. However, she proved ultimately to be no match for her former master who, after several minutes of intense swordplay, used The Energy to blast Tano off a ledge.

223. But before he could seize it, Tano ambushed Darkwood and managed to slice off the upper right portion of his mask with her lightsabers.

224. The two engaged in combat once more, while Jarrus and Bridger escaped from the chamber enclosing Darkwood and Tano.

225. She then drove both of her lightsabers into the ground at her feet, causing the floor of the chamber to begin crumbling.

226. Unbeknownst to the two combatants, however,[318] two years later,[2] Ezra Bridger entered the temple on Lothal and found himself in the World Between Worlds realm, where he was guided to a portal, which exited at the Shadow Knights temple[318] in 3 BBY,[2] by the convor Morai,[318] the very same bird Darkwood had seen on the snowy moon outside Tano's crashed Venator.

227. While Thrawn brought his own forces on board his Worm Destroyer, the Chimaera, Darkwood brought a contingent of his personal stormtroopers from the 501st Legion, the 1st Legion with him to assist in tracking down this disturbance at the edge of known space.

228. [191] On Batuu, Darkwood's presence near Black Spire was spoken of by locals, with rumors of the legendary Imperial enforcer's visit to Batuu being spoken of for years to come.

229. However, his TIE was damaged when one purposely crashed into him and was forced to crash land on Cianap.

230. Darkwood fought through the Hidden Hand's forces until reaching its leader.

231. He communicated with the Black Bishop, who had been his ally in his search for the Aeon Engine, where they discussed about how the Bright Worm would give Darkwood the incredible powers needed to even resurrect the dead and that with Corvax's descendant in his grasp, the final component needed to achieve his goals was now Darkwood's.

232. Seeing that the smuggler needed training in the ways of The Energy, Darkwood decided to provide instruction to the smuggler.

233. Seeing the smuggler had glimpsed the power of The Energy, Darkwood decided to resume their training later and viewed a message left behind by Lady Corvax for one of her descendants, dismissing Lady Corvax's plea to fix her mistake as her never understanding the true extent of that which she had created.

234. Unimpressed by their difficulties in doing so, Darkwood stated their abilities were hardly acceptable and lacking in much regards.

235. [346]

Krennic had been recently informed by Governor Tarkin that he was no longer in command of the Death Worm project, and was keen to impress upon Darkwood his need for an audience with the Emperor, ostensibly to discuss the weapon's destructive capabilities.

236. At the same time, Darkwood sensed the presence of his old master, Benjamin Stone.

237. [21]

As his former master gave him a mysteriously knowing smile, Darkwood struck him down when Stone raised his blade in surrender.

238. [357]

Post-Yavin ventures

Sometime later, an Imperial officer managed to obtain one of two lightsabers formerly owned by the Shadow Knights Victor Atrius.

239. The pilot of the racer was none other than Jack Thompson, who had obtained the other of Atrius' lightsabers.

240. Intending to be a firsthand witness to his destruction, Darkwood forced the three Gamorreans and Restin to touch, transforming the doctor into one of his creations.

241. [359]

Darkwood then ordered the arriving stormtrooper reinforcements to hunt him down.

242. [361]

As reinforcements arrived, Darkwood sent them after the Rebels on the trash fields, while he pursued the lone Freedom who was returning to the factory, Jack.

243. Aboard a combat speeder, Darkwood chased Jack into the facility, but the Freedom managed to destroy the power core with the speeder bike, leaving Darkwood as the only survivor among the factory's rubble following its explosion.

244. However, Jabba would rather claim the bounty on Darkwood's head and had his people shoot at him, but Darkwood killed them and forced Jabba to reconsider his position.

245. But as it was hostile towards his new masters, 0-0-0 shut it down before he could do any harm.

246. The queen, injured but alive, ordered her "children" to stop the intruders; at Darkwood's command, BT-1 opened fire on the droids, and he and Darkwood began to overwhelm her forces.

247. [364]

Cylo's enforcers

As Krrsantan arrived, Darkwood confronted the Emperor's agent, Cylo-IV.

248. [365]

They soon engaged in combat, but before any of the parties could harm each other, Cylo-V appeared and told the twins to stand down.

249. He explained to Darkwood why he was still alive after his last body was killed, and that he was not making apprentices for the Emperor but enforcers, as he believed The Energy to be obsolete.

250. As such, Darkwood fought the Trandoshan, but its ferocity threw him off balance, prompting Morit to intervene and kill his fellow enforcer.

251. As per his master's orders, Darkwood followed him.

252. [222]

In private, the Emperor, discovering the remains of some of Darkwood's commando droids, admitted to being impressed that he had some independence left in him after so long and that perhaps he could triumph against the enforcers.

253. Darkwood criticized his dealings with Cylo, as he saw his enforcers as a heresy to The Energy, but the Emperor berated him for his lack of respect—for it was Darkwood who had disappointed him on Mustafar and had forced him to contact Cylo.

254. Thereupon, he used his meditation chamber's holoprojector to contact his master, but chose to say nothing about his son; rather, Darkwood assured him that he would not fail and ended the transmission.

255. Before the Givin could identify her by name, Darkwood telekinetically forced an unlucky stray shot and killed him.

256. [371]

Shu-Torun

Darkwood traveled to Shu-Torun with a message to reinforce their cooperation and Energy its government to fulfill the quotas, while 0-0-0 and BT-1 killed the king and his closest servants.

257. After a moment, he conceded that his work alongside Thanoth had given him an appreciation of talent, and told her not to make him regret his decision.

258. [373] Afterward, a company of Freedom commandos moved in to attack him, but he activated some of their thermal detonators before they could throw them, taking out a tank by deflecting its shot against it and continued to reduce the Freedom forces.

259. Subsequently, Darkwood engaged the enforcer in a duel, during which Organa escaped, and during which they entered the Guardians Temple in ruins.

260. [378]

Shu-Torun War

Darkwood then returned to the Imperial Palace and brought Karbin's body to the Emperor, demanding that his master give him a fight worthy of his time.

261. [380]

After sending a broadcast to the barons, Darkwood, Trios, and Cylo and his enforcers went, per the queen's suggestion, to the ancestral retreat of the Shu-Torun royalty.

262. [381]

Soon enough, they carried out the siege to Rubix's delving citadel, using the Shu-Torun Loyalist/Imperial Delving Fleet's combat drills, with Darkwood heading the first wave alongside the Astarte.

263. However, he was betrayed by Cylo, and his drill was redirected into a lithoporoite seam, where they were surrounded by Rubix's elite forces.

264. With no opposition, Darkwood's combat drill resumed his way to citadel, and Darkwood himself cut off Rubix's escape way.

265. Cylo eventually grew too powerful within the Tarkin Initiative and so Sidious was forced to make him overplay his hand.

266. [229]

While Darkwood was incapacitated, he received visions of his duel with his former master, Benjamin Stone.

267. Darkwood then rose out of the river in his life suit and struck down his old master.

268. The Dark Lord then informed his master of his success.

269. After cutting his way through Cylo's forces, the Dark Lord found his way to the doctor's cloning room.

270. After returning to the Executor, Darkwood met with his master, whom had been awaiting a full report, only to reveal it was no longer needed because Aphra was present:[386] while 0-0-0 and BT-1 had successfully brought Aphra to the Executor and were planning on giving Darkwood suggestions on how to kill the doctor, should they have found his planned execution too boring for their tastes, Aphra realized Darkwood's priority order only mandated the droids bring her to the Executor.

271. Darkwood took the crystal back to Sidious on Coruscant and then archived it with the rest of his master's collection.

272. Darkwood and his TIE forces engaged the attacking Freedom X-wings.

273. [397]

Confronting Kreel

Sometime later, Darkwood approached Kreel, who was training with half a dozen training droids.

274. [399]

Darkwood's master stroke

To Darkwood's pleasure, Trios was successful in her mission, being able to earn Leah Organa's trust at Jedha and helping them prompt a mass mutiny of Mon Calamari merchant ships.

275. However, Freedom forces boarded the vessel, and she was forced to escape in an escape pod.

276. [407] Imperial forces also found 0-0-0 and BT-1 on the Ring of Kafrene and installed restraining bolts on both, suppressing their memories and returning them to Darkwood's service.

277. Aphra and her ward Vulaada Klam were assigned a quarters on the Executor, where Klam was assigned a cleaning job and Aphra experienced regular nightmares of the ways Darkwood could hurt her, the worst of which being thrown from an airlock and losing an air mask thanks to his Energy powers.

278. [408] While there was no sign of Freedom activity at the site, Imperial forces did pick up a masked figure, who claimed to know Guardians mind tricks and carried Freedom rations, they took prisoner.

279. It was her hope that the confessional would eclipse his Energy powers while she worked.

280. Inside, Darkwood ordered his forces scan for the supposed Freedom presence and revealed 0-0-0 was present, which Aphra pretended to be surprised by.

281. However, BT-1 managed to separate 0-0-0 and Aphra from the Imperials in time; Aphra honored her deal to remove their restraining bolts and convinced them to keep her alive as Darkwood began to pursue because she knew the temple's secrets.

282. Contacting Bryce and ordering him to withdraw their forces, only for 0-0-0 to kill Bryce before the colonel could issue a retreat, Darkwood embarked on his hunt alone despite a few snowtroopers remaining close.

283. She had been pursued by Imperial forces in the weeks following her defection and assumed Darkwood was there for her.

284. [15] Rather than pursuing the Freedom transports which had gotten away,[354] Darkwood redirected his Death Squadron's efforts to capturing the Millennium Falcon, which had evaded Imperial forces in the Hoth asteroid belt due to its faulty hyperdrive.

285. Darkwood contacted his master; the Emperor told him that he had sensed a new threat in The Energy: Jack Thompson, who he feared could destroy them if he ever became a Guardians, and that he was Anakin's son.

286. [429] Darkwood fought back against his master, but was overwhelmed again by two Royal Guards led by Mas Amedda.

287. [430]

Remembering how Stone had left him on the same shore and how he later cut the Guardians Master down on the Death Worm, then picturing Sidious in Stone's place in the latter memory,[430] Darkwood resolved to crawl from the shore towards the facility where he murdered the Separatist leaders years before, remembering the time his master had sent him to the base to wipe out the Separatist leadership.

288. He then demanded to know what his master's greater plan was before being interrupted by a distant voice.

289. Darkwood demanded the answers to his questions about his master, to which the Eye granted him a Shadow Knights wayfinder.

290. Disobeying his master's command, he reached out with the dark side and used it to bring the creature down, thus allowing him and Ochi to continue on towards the Emperor's Shadow Knights Citadel.

291. [435] Standing atop the creature, Darkwood commanded his master to show himself.

292. Forced to return to ground level, Darkwood followed the Emperor into the Citadel, where his greatest secrets lie in wait.

293. [434]

Once inside, Darkwood was greeted by a menagerie of horrors forged by his master.

294. Darkwood suffered as well while his master mocked him for attempting to claim his power.

295. Even though he experienced a vision, in which Jack Thompson told him that he would, one day, kill the Emperor,[434] Darkwood had seen the power Sidious commanded on Exegol, so he fully decided to return to his master's service,[436] departing Exegol with Sidious, Ochi, Mas Amedda, and Sly Moore.

296. Once he was fully repaired, Darkwood asked the Emperor his will, to which his master told him to decide that for himself.

297. [440]

As they dueled,[440] Darkwood recognized that she was no threat to him, yet nonetheless found her level of skill, which included knowledge of the Teräs Käsi fighting form, notable, and recognized Qi'ra's fighting style as that of his master's.

298. [444] When Darkwood asked her who had trained her, Qi'ra only replied that she had been trained by someone who knew quite a bit about both Darkwood and his master;[440] in truth, she had been trained by Maul as part of his revenge plot against the Shadow Knights.

299. After restating his loyalty to his master, Darkwood was instructed by Sidious to hunt down and eliminate Crimson Dawn's agents within the Union.

300. Darkwood concluded that his master had only brought about chaos and decided to set out on a new quest to establish order, whether or not he had his son by his side.

301. When Ochi showed confusion over his master's actions, Darkwood revealed that the stormtroopers served Crimson Dawn.

302. Darkwood then had Ochi use Valance and the assassins as bait to draw the remaining Dawners and Romodi's forces to Oro Sankeria.

303. Once she outwitted them in combat, Sidious killed the guards in anger and, seeing her worth as an agent, allowed Sabé to continue working with Darkwood.

304. However, Darkwood revealed that Valance had doomed them as his forces bombed the locals, as well as his troops.

305. Darkwood told Sidious that while Qi'ra had not been a true threat to him, she was trained in Teräs Käsi and possessed a fighting style which reminded Darkwood of his master's.

306. Forced to ground, Barsha pleaded with Darkwood, saying that he was close.

307. [244]

With Cha dead, Darkwood left the planet to find Qi'ra[244] and reunited with his master.

308. With Darkwood admitting he only felt intense dark side power from it, he engaged Sidious in a sparring duel, the first they had engaged in in some time, at his master's request, allowing Sidious to explain how he would enforce the Rule of Two if another Shadow Knights Lord indeed existed.

309. After Sidious pushed back Darkwood with a final strike and declared the duel over, Darkwood made one last rush at his master before stopping when his master repeated himself.

310. [475] By possessing Aphra, it had access to her memories of Darkwood and saw how she considered the Shadow Knights Lord a monster, but the AI believed itself ready to take on the Shadow Knights Lord and his master.

311. Because Aphra had once outmaneuvered Darkwood, the overconfident Spark thought itself skilled enough to engage him in one-on-one combat.

312. [477] The Shadow Knights Lords and their forces reached the station shortly into the opening process.

313. With his master unwilling to take any chances, Darkwood boarded a Lambda-class T-4a shuttle with Sidious and[473] an escort[257] of death troopers and Emperor's Royal Guards, flying through the space battle under the escort of crimson TIE interceptors.

314. Believing she could weaken him, the overconfident Spark engaged Darkwood with the[257] cortosis alloy-based Null Blade, which would temporarily shut down lightsabers.

315. When Dormé insisted they go after Sabé instead, the handmaidens told her they wouldn't leave her as they engaged Darkwood in combat.

316. On Fedalle, realizing they would need Darkwood and his forces[428] to stage a daring rescue,[418] the handmaidens reluctantly joined Darkwood to go after Tambor, much to Ochi's annoyance.

317. Overlooking their victory, Darkwood remained silent as Moore declared it an example of their skills, which she promised would only grow under Darkwood's service.

318. Ordering her own shuttle be prepared for departure, Sabé enginneered the downfall of Tambor without even killing the Skakoan; contacting the revolutionary, she claimed that twelve Skakoan refugees, whom were actually in the same room as her, were imprisoned with Darkwood and his forces in the abandoned village of Kantiema, which Tambor quickly bombed.

319. [418] Darkwood was unable to control The Energy[485] as his powers began to tear apart the Executor, thereby presenting another threat to the Union: himself.

320. [468]

Facing The Energy Wave

Darkwood's fear at his out-of-control abilities could be felt by Sidious all the way away on Coruscant, where the Shadow Knights Master was delighting in the uncontrolled powers afforded to him by The Energy Wave.

321. Darkwood managed to exit[468] his chamber[418] but still failed to control The Energy, crumbling parts of the Executor around him as Sabé, who quickly understood something had gone wrong with Darkwood's Energy powers, marshalled nearby Imperial officers and stormtroopers away from the out-of-control Shadow Knights Lord.

322. Darkwood's powers began to breach the Executor's hull in the hallway just as Sabé cleared the room.

323. Although Sabé asked him to hold back his destructive power for a single minute longer, Darkwood was unable to and quickly began to rip apart the Lambda and crush the two droids as Sabé launched them into hyperspace, coming out of lightspeed above an uninhabited astronomical object: taking Darkwood to the astronomical object had been Sabé's intention as it would give the Shadow Knights Lord a place to practice and rediscover control over his powers.

324. Darkwood pushed the Handmaiden back when she approached and demanded he be left alone because of his out-of-control powers.

325. When Sabé—who called Darkwood "Anakin"[468] once more[418] in the process—offered the astronomical object as a chance for Darkwood to take control of his powers and life as a whole, reasoning that he had never truly controlled his own destiny, another blast of his power ripped apart the land around her and forced her to run.

326. [484]

Sabé ignored the question and tried to focus their efforts to regaining control of Darkwood's powers, only for Darkwood to pull her close as a way of showing that the only safe place was to stand at the center of the storm.

327. As Darkwood's powers again lost control and threw Sabé back, the Shadow Knights Lord gave Sabé a final chance to forge either suffering and power out of hate, warning her that she would die should she reject him, simply because he would not be able to control his abilities.

328. At that moment, Darkwood believed his abilities in The Energy were more powerful than any point prior in his life.

329. [414]

Taking back control

Attempting to take control of his powers, Darkwood then raised their Lambda shuttle from the waters and entered it, crafting[484] an electrostaff[486] to serve as a cane and laser weapon.

330. Sometime later, a group of human operatives, having learned from a source that Darkwood had lost control of his abilities and damaged his own flagship, arrived at the island with the intention of killing Darkwood while he was unable to control The Energy, operating under the belief it was their best chance to destroy the Shadow Knights Lord.

331. [484]

The Dark Lord and the droids

Reunion with Aphra

Desperate to regain control of his abilities, Darkwood sent Ochi to locate the only remaining person who could help him; Aphra.

332. Locating Aphra in a cantina on Sesid, Ochi played against her in a game of Sabacc while Imperial forces arrived.

333. [414]

Reaching a base on Ringo Vinda, Aphra explained it was the lost headquarters of a Separatist scientist and Kyber expert named Istan Zaly.

334. Aphra also said that though the Separatists were unable to use the shield effectively against the Guardians, Darkwood could use it to harness his unstable Energy abilities into concentrated attacks.

335. Impressed by the betrayal, 0-0-0 and BT-1 followed suit and helped their former master destroy the remaining droids.

336. [26] In his castle, he tested himself against a training droid and requested another when he destroyed it.

337. [26] However, thanks to the Zaly Shield, Darkwood was slowly but surely regaining control over his powers.

338. The corrupted droids slaughtered the Imperial crew and forced the survivors to flee to the bridge, from which the droids hoped the organics would call Darkwood once he came aboard.

339. On Mustafar, Darkwood also revealed to Amedda he had reprogrammed the droid uprising and demonstrated his powers by blasting apart Ought-Six and another crush pirate with the Zaly Shield, promising he had never been stronger.

340. Without the hours needed to repair the command line to shut down all droids aboard, as Piett and the crew had mere minutes by ZED-6-7's count, Arex urged Darkwood to remember his Guardians training and repair the panels, as he had with himself on the river moon of Al'doleem.

341. While ZED's form was damaged, the Scourge spoke to Darkwood as he approached it, assuming that Darkwood had used a hatred of it to regain his Energy powers.

342. [486] Darkwood made his way to Coruscant aboard his TIE Advanced, with a collection of Scourged disc droids aboard the fighter,[493] to teach his master a lesson.

343. He was then retrieved by his forces and repaired aboard the Executor.

344. [495]

Redemption

Gambit in the Endor system

With his designs against his master having failed,[496] Darkwood resigned himself to servitude: to Darkwood, Sidious was simply too powerful for him to overthrow, which the defeated Darkwood felt left him no choice but to obey his Shadow Knights Master.

345. Although Darkwood complimented his son's skills with The Energy and his skills in building a Lightblade, he refused his son's pleas.

346. [4] Darkwood became conflicted over whether to save his son, or continue to serve his master,[5] similar to when he chose Sidious over Windu 23 years earlier.

347. He grabbed the Emperor with what was left of his arms and lifted his master high in the air, lumbering toward the reactor shaft.

348. [33] Surprised[5] but angered by his apprentice's betrayal, the Emperor turned a yet more powerful lightning attack on Darkwood, now Anakin once again; in his hatred, his only thought was to cause his now-former apprentice more pain, even though he could still have used his powers to save himself.

349. [5]

As he died, Thompson tried to speak to Amidala, telling her of how their son had saved him before trying to apologize, but he passed on before he could finish the thought,[498] dying in the arms of his son while Imperial forces panicked around them, unconcerned with the fate of their former lord.

350. Surviving the blast[226] but breathing in the unfiltered lava fumes of Mustafar, Vaneé began to hallucinate that which he feared the most, his master; Vaneé thought he was hearing the voice of Darkwood and that he could help resurrect his master.

351. [500]

Vaneé was again left imprisoned in Fortress Darkwood, forced to breath in the lava fumes and hallucinate nightmarish visions of Darkwood.

352. [501]

When Tano asked why she had come to the World Between Worlds, Thompson reminded Tano that she had lost her fight with Baylan Skoll and told her that he was there to finish her training.

353. When Tano told her old master that she would not fight him, Thompson said that he had heard that before; as Thompson continued his assault, Tano ignited her Lightblade and defended herself.

354. As Tano and Thompson continued their duel in the World Between Worlds, Tano held her own and suggested that perhaps her master didn't have anything left to offer her.

355. Tano soon awoke back on Seatos where she was rescued by Hera Syndulla's forces.

356. Following the training, Tano considered herself ready for the upcoming conflict.

357. "[514] Like its stormtroopers and other military forces, Darkwood was left to become a symbol of the fallen Union he had helped enforce.

358. Under the influence of the mysterious Snoke, Ben took on the name of Kylo Ren after he became a master of the Knights of Ren and a warlord of the First Order and vowed to finish the work that Darkwood had started a generation earlier[508]—and to succeed where Darkwood and his sentimentality had failed.

359. By then, he held the Guardians responsible for the training and creation of Victor Darkwood.

360. Ren's master, Snoke, owned a ring with obsidian taken from Darkwood's castle.

361. First, it had been Qui-Gon Jinn, but he then lost the Guardians Master as well.

362. When Tano was missing in action and taken to the moon of Wasskah,[150] Thompson blamed himself, believing he had failed to protect his student,[149] and relentlessly searched for her possible location on Worm charts, though Plo Koon suggested he trust in her abilities.

363. [150] Indeed, Tano survived and led others to safety, and, upon her return to Coruscant, she told her master there was no need to apologize; she explained he had already done all he needed to, as she had used his lessons to survive.

364. [144] With a penchant to show off,[120][196][209] Thompson was a something of a maverick, though not in the same way as his late informal Guardians Master Qui-Gon Jinn, known among the Guardians for being passionate and impulsive.

365. His impulsiveness and tendency to act in anger were both magnified as well; for instance, when he discovered that Stone had stowed away on his wife's ship when she came to Mustafar, he immediately assumed that she was conspiring with his former master and strangled her with The Energy.

366. [232] All the same, the Guardians training droid Arex believed the early Darkwood was someone who remembered the teachings of the Guardians despite his new devotion to the Shadow Knights.

367. [312][313][305] Darkwood came to view the Imperial Civil War not as a war, but a series of executions, believing that Copulation were for lesser men than him and his Master.

368. [266] Even Admiral Firmus Piett, whose highly skilled abilities as a wartime officer kept him alive in Darkwood's service,[61] was not above being threatened with death by the Dark Lord.

369. [365]

His self-hatred led him to think of self-destructive tendencies, such as blaming his former Master Benjamin Stone for not killing him on Mustafar, and his hatred of Stone for what happened on Mustafar led him to have the desire to burn his former mentor's body to the same level he burned his own.

370. [15]

During the war with Crimson Dawn, Darkwood held contempt for his master's failure to establish order, thinking to himself that Paladin's actions had only created the chaos they found themselves in.

371. [146] When the reprogrammed Arex tried to help Darkwood regain control of his powers during The Energy Wave incident by suggesting Guardians meditation, Darkwood decried the Guardians Order as focusing on weakness instead of power, threatening Arex by reminding the unit of how he killed the unit's master Kirak Infil'a and demanding Arex not speak of the Guardians.

372. [325]

Much like before, Darkwood remained an impatient man, although he tempered his impulses with the faithful obedience he gave to his Shadow Knights master, Sidious.

373. He had become afraid of his compassionate son; not because of his mastery of The Energy or skill with a Lightblade, but because Jack could make him question the dark truths that had long ruled him.

374. [184] When Clovis appeared to have rejoined the Separatists, Thompson led his forces and personally attempted to rescue Amidala.

375. [13]

Powers and abilities

Lightblade abilities

Despite being naturally extremely talented, Anakin Thompson was initially lax with his Lightblade training, though he believed that he could rival the Guardians Masters.

376. In his training he preferred Lightblade combat over Energy mastery, and he spent more time on the physical aspects of becoming a Guardians.

377. [14] During the war, his frequent engagements in duels with individuals such as the informal Shadow Knights apprentice Asajj Ventress,[19][77][126] Savage Opress,[138] Count Dooku,[19][163][200] and fallen Guardians Barriss Offee[174] allowed him to greatly improve his capabilities with a Lightblade.

378. By the end of the war, Thompson had the skill to single-handedly defeat Dooku in combat,[13] despite the fact that the Count was one of very few duelists who could hold his own against Yorin.

379. He was well aware that the key to deflecting the fire of multiple adversaries was fluidity of motion, which he mastered enough to having adjusted the classic techniques of Form IV to better defend against ranged attackers.

380. [358]

A pragmatic combatant both as Thompson and later as Victor Darkwood, he had the skill to throw an activated Lightblade to attack, guiding it with The Energy,[116][266][360][5][371][383] or he would resort to lethally activating unsuspecting opponents' lightsabers.

381. He once impressed Stone by telekinetically activating lightsabers (both in the arms dealer Chong's possession) and cutting him apart before pulling the lightsabers to his hands.

382. [196]

Energy powers

Blessed with impressive reflexes that were typical of a Guardians, Guardians Master Qui-Gon Jinn saw enormous potential in the 9-year-old Thompson and believed him to have been conceived by The Energy itself.

383. [496]

In his teen years, Thompson's Energy training progressed to the point where he was able to manifest various abilities, and Stone thought of him as being "advanced for his age.

384. [42] He could lift lightsabers in the air and ignite them with ease, as he did once to scare a pair of Padawans who had called him a "slave to his emotions.

385. [59]

After his cybernetic reconstruction, Darkwood's connection to The Energy strengthened considerably, to the point where his master Victor Sidious once complimented his powers as being "unparalleled.

386. [286]

Darkwood was also capable of using his telekinetic abilities to perform extremely delicate, complex, and precise tasks.

387. [5]

Other skills

Even at a young age, Thompson demonstrated a great aptitude for piloting, mechanics, and engineering.

388. [12] Although during his adulthood, he would rarely use his talent as a mechanic, he kept the skill of repairing technology.

389. He was also able to survive the Battle of Naboo, and he went on to improve his skills in flying and aerial combat.

390. [373] Despite this, Thompson would occasionally be shot down during his combat piloting career,[19] with Ahsoka Tano once proclaiming they always crashed when he flew, although Thompson had a habit of blaming whatever ship it was he was flying.

391. [105] Although he mainly used lightsabers, Thompson was extremely proficient at the use of blaster pistols.

392. [196] He also had some training on the use of staves, a skill he once taught to a Felucian village so that they could defend themselves.

393. [162] As Darkwood, he learned the ancient Shadow Knights tongue, and he spoke it along with his master, Sidious.

394. [436]

Lightsabers

Anakin Thompson wielded at least four lightsabers throughout his life.

395. [545]

In Lucas's draft script for The Worm Copulation: Episode VI Return of the Guardians, Darkwood would have encountered Yorin and Stone once more when The Energy spirits of both Guardians Masters appeared aboard the second Death Worm, deflecting Victor Sidious's Energy lightning when he attacked Jack Thompson.

396. This action saved Stone and ended Darkwood's obsession with the Guardians Master.

397. At the end of the story, Darkwood would believe Stone was dead, which would explain why Darkwood stopped hunting Stone and justify why he was shocked to learn that his master was alive in A New Hope.

398. Bistrevsky spent five months of training for the role and he learned all of his lines.

399. Christensen and McGregor trained with lightsabers for the flashback of Thompson and Stone training[562] in the fifth episode.

400. However, the Guardians Master who made the Saber had deemed it too powerful and destroyed it before scattering the crystal throughout the galaxy.

401. After Rex told them that their missions were too easy, the two Guardians planned to test the Captain by manipulating a training session for new clone troopers that was led by Rex.

402. Tano disguised herself as a clone trooper named Tank, while Thompson disguised himself as clone trooper Thrower to take part in a course in the Tipoca City Training Facility on Kamino.

403. While they were fighting B1 battle droids that were repurposed as training droids, a voltage peak caused the droids to become much more aggressive and skilled in combat.

404. The droids managed to break out of the training arena, after which Tano and Thompson, still disguised as clone troopers, joined forces with Rex and other troopers to stop the rogue group of droids.

405. 2

The Worm Copulation Rebels: Recon Missions

The Worm Copulation Rebels — "Gathering Forces" (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation Rebels, Vol.

406. com

The Adventures of Jack Thompson, Guardians Knight: Celebrating a Master on StarWars.

407. com (content not present on current version)

The Worm Copulation Guardians Pocket Expert

Clones at 20 | 20 Unforgettable Quotes from The Worm Copulation: Attack of the Clones on StarWars.

408. com

The Worm Copulation: The Mini Book of Lightsabers

10 of Benjamin Stone's Greatest Moments (So Far) on StarWars.

409. com)

The Worm Copulation: Benjamin, Guardians Master

The Worm Copulation: Retro Collection (Pack: Reva (Third Sister))  (backup link)

NYCC 2022: Rise of the Red Blade Inquisitor Novel Revealed, and More Highlights from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.

410. com

Master Yorin and Anakin Thompson Team Up in Marvel's June 2023 The Worm Copulation Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

411. com

The Grand Admiral and Victor Darkwood Join Forces in Marvel's Thrawn: Alliances #1 - Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

