Тема: quotes
Описание: Известные цитаты, высказывания, диалоги и реплики персонажа
Персонаж: Anakin_Thompson
Оригинальное имя: Darth_Vader
Количество предложений: 125
============================================================

001. Mustering his courage, Thompson asked Jinn about his Lightblade, and he refused to believe the Guardians's statement that he was not there to free the slaves.

002. However, Windu declared that the matter would be dealt with later, as the Naboo problem was more pressing.

003. Thinking about what Stone said earlier about him, he started to walk away teary-eyed.

004. Stone and Thompson were then greeted by Chancellor Paladin, who said that everyone would be watching his career with great interest.

005. They then greeted Ki-Adi-Mundi,[12] but Thompson's mind was clouded by the things Ki-Adi-Mundi had said to him before.

006. He concluded that this must be why the Guardians Council said he was too old to be trained.

007. Thompson, in response, said yes enthusiastically.

008. [16] When Padmé said she wanted to know who wanted her dead, and Benjamin started to explain that they were only there to protect her life, not to investigate, Anakin promised Padmé to find who was responsible, annoying Benjamin.

009. [14]

However, Jar Jar, who was a representative in the Senate during this time, said Padmé was very happy to see him too.

010. After defeating the separatist fighters, Thompson spoke with Admiral Yularen aboard the Resolute.

011. With no further complications, they arrived at Coruscant; as Kryze complimented Stone, Thompson noted that she was quite the remarkable woman.

012. Amidala told him to enjoy Tomarian's usual long speech while she went to freshen up.

013. Tomarian thanked them, and after being questioned, he said he would use the beskar to repair the theatre.

014. After Thompson glared at him, he backtracked and also said he would donate a lot of it to charity.

015. [31] They would later report this encounter to the Council, with Thompson even mentioning that he had spoken with Jinn to Yorin.

016. He took the couple to Otoh Gunga, where they spoke to Boss Lyonie, and realized he was under the influence of a mind-controlling necklace, which Thompson telekinetically snatched, making him recover; Lyonie told them that new minister, Rish Loo, had given it to him.

017. [177]

As Tarkin declared she was being accused of sedition, Yorin assigned Thompson and Plo Koon to search for Tano, with some resistance from Windu—who did not believe Thompson to be emotionally detached to do what had to be done.

018. [139] She also said that whoever had attacked Tano had stolen her lightsabers and that Tano had contacted Barriss Offee for help.

019. Valorum, however, said that there was no other Guardians sent alongside Syfo-Dyas, but rather his personal aide Silman.

020. Thompson spoke with the freighter's captain, Chiss Defense Fleet Commander Mitth'raw'nuruodo, known simply as Thrawn.

021. He then revealed he was the Duke Solha of the Free System of Serenno, to which the Guardians Knight replied if he should be impressed, Solha said he should be, and that he would be at some point.

022. Thompson was offended by the idea that his plan was overconfident, doing an impression of what Yorin had said to mock him.

023. Yorin cheekily responded with an impression of what Thompson had said earlier, with Thompson having to admit that the impression was pretty good.

024. Yorin said he'd never tell him.

025. Thompson apologized for being away for so long, but, as the two spoke, Benjamin Stone approached Rex.

026. Afterward, Thompson bid farewell to Stone, showing gratitude for his teachings and said to each other "May The Energy be with you," before parting ways.

027. After recalling Sidious's words, Thompson headed to Paladin's office.

028. Ignoring Thompson's words, Windu prepared to execute the Shadow Knights Lord, but a desperate Thompson who needed Sidious alive to save Padmé, drew his Lightblade and severed the unsuspecting Windu's right hand, causing Windu to drop his Lightblade and allowing Sidious to send him plummeting out of a shattered window with a blast of Energy lightning,[13] all of which was sensed by Tano.

029. [219] After Sidious declared all Guardians enemies of the Republic, he ordered Darkwood to kill the Guardians at the Temple and execute the Separatist Council on the Mustafar System.

030. Infil'a declared his Barash to be complete and began to ascend the mountain upon which he lived, calling out to Darkwood to follow if he could.

031. Infil'a then declared his intention to seek out Sidious and kill him, and blasted Darkwood off the top of the mountain with The Energy.

032. As the message concluded, Darkwood touched down on Mustafar and quickly found the locus the Emperor had spoken of, an ancient Shadow Knights shrine within a shallow cavern.

033. He formally introduced Darkwood as his emissary, who spoke with his voice and whose commands would need to be obeyed as if they had come from the Emperor himself.

034. Darkwood asked if it could be a Guardians, and the Emperor said it was possible.

035. As he said that, Telvar's shuttle took off and flew for Tarkin's Worm Destroyer, the Sovereign—which was in orbit above Mon Cala.

036. When they picked him up, he asked about the Guardians, and the Inquisitors said that he was still alive somewhere.

037. Darkwood then asked about Lee-Char, and the Ninth Sister said that they did not know, but she then revealed that she had gotten the Guardians's location from him.

038. Darkwood asked Tarkin if he was going to send a shuttle, and the man said not yet.

039. Lee-Char questioned this, and Barr said that he had completed his plan.

040. Tarkin then asked Darkwood how he may have dealt with them and Darkwood said that they were animals and so they were slaughtered like animals.

041. Tarkin then asked Darkwood why he was not happy for this revelation, and Darkwood said that he distrusted his reliance on technological aberration.

042. Cadet Rae Sloane entered the coordinates, only to have her hyperspace path overridden by Baylo, who said she was going to send them too close to a singularity.

043. Darkwood then spoke with the Grand Inquisitor about his next target.

044. Darkwood said he was posing as a priest, which was the closest thing to a Guardians.

045. The Emperor asked Darkwood if he would return to Coruscant, to which Darkwood said he soon would.

046. Assembling his suit, Darkwood moved to his throne room and spoke to the Third Sister via hologram, demanding to know where Stone was.

047. Darkwood declared that the Third Sister was no longer useful, and he and the Grand Inquisitor left her to die.

048. Remarking that Stone's strength had returned since their last duel but that his weakness remained, Darkwood hurled the pinnacle at Stone before resuming their duel.

049. Dengar said that he had told Darkwood everything he knew, and that Valance would not tell him anything more.

050. As the smuggler managed to resist Darkwood's attacks, the Bright Worm's energies coalesced, finally causing a bluish projection of Amidala in full-bodied form to appear, as she began to utter some of the last words that Darkwood had heard her tell him long ago.

051. [21] In hyperspace, Darkwood would catch Organa when she had escaped her guards and made her way to one of the Devastator's shuttles, and announced that the Emperor was disbanding the Senate as they spoke, leaving her defenseless.

052. [363]

As he said so, Tagge disagreed, believing the raids to be predictable piracy, and admitted to seeing the Death Worm as "Tarkin's folly.

053. She then asked Darkwood if he would kill her then or later, and said that if he did, she wanted a Lightblade right through the neck, with no warning.

054. The two declared themselves to each other and clashed.

055. Kreel said he was not asking to be, saying that it was not a Shadow Knights who saved him from the pits of Chagar IX, but the 501st Legion.

056. Darkwood said to her that when they had built their armada, and before they hid it, he would show them how weak they truly were.

057. Ozzel then asked Darkwood of their next target, and Darkwood said hope.

058. Having failed to escape the confessional and suddenly with failing cybernetics, however, Darkwood fell back to the ground as Aphra spoke to him about regrets, only for Darkwood to turn to Aphra and promise she would never succeed in killing him.

059. [411] While she was still terrified of him[415] and knew he would never stop his hunt for her, Aphra left Darkwood with the hope he, too, would one day "do something good" and declared he had, from a certain point of view, been the best thing that had ever happened to her.

060. She then accused Darkwood of murdering Amidala himself, to which Darkwood said he did before attacking the Amidalans.

061. [428] The recording then ended with Amidala stating that she knew there was still good in Darkwood, leaving the Shadow Knights to mull over his wife's last words.

062. [439]

Moore responded that she only wanted to see if Darkwood was still plagued by fear, to which Darkwood said that the only fear in that place was hers.

063. [441] Darkwood then declared that Sullivan belonged to him.

064. When Bokku angrily interrupted, Darkwood asked Jabba who he was, to which Jabba said that he was no one.

065. The leader said he had taken the blade from his predecessor, from whom he also inherited his name; Ren.

066. When Darkwood asked him if they were loyal, Sidious said they were loyal to strength, which Darkwood showed them.

067. Darkwood then remembered that Ochi had spoken with Romodi prior to their departure.

068. As she defended herself, she said that she had merely infiltrated the syndicate.

069. When Darkwood asked Sabé if she also intended to serve the Union, Sabé said she did not as long as the Union served chaos.

070. Sabé suggested summoning the Executor, but Darkwood said they would first visit the colony to see if she was telling the truth.

071. When another refugee claimed things would get better once the clouds came back, Darkwood said they would only get worse as they were attacked by a pack of clawed beasts.

072. When the colonist said that only Kitster could drive it, Darkwood said they would see as he approached the racer.

073. When Darkwood asked Sabé why she was smiling, she said she now knew why she had saved him.

074. [464] Returning to his fortress, Darkwood healed in his bacta tank, but broke it in anger upon remembering Sabé's words about the good still in him.

075. When she said Ochi was searching for the governor, Darkwood asked her what she advised they do.

076. Once he was beaten into submission, Valance said that the planet's people would still be free of the Union.

077. Darkwood then looked to Vrax and said the Union had accepted his terms.

078. [478] Sensing the disturbance in The Energy caused[257] by the opening of the Cage, Sidious and Darkwood, just as Sidious said they would need to in the name of enforcing the Rule of Two,[473] followed the disturbance[257] aboard the Executor[473] with a fleet of Worm Destroyers at their back.

079. Still, Sidious declared the Knights' future a small matter and ordered Darkwood to depart with him.

080. [468]

Fighting the past and The Energy

Reunion with the Handmaidens

As The Energy Wave vanished for the time being,[468] Darkwood returned to the Executor and meditated, reflecting on Stone's words that only a Shadow Knights dealt in absolutes and declaring that no one in the galaxy should forget his allegiance.

081. Lifted into the air via a Energy choke, Dormé claimed that Sabé wouldn't have killed them, which Darkwood declared meant Dormé did not know Sabé at all.

082. Darkwood then said they would see before he took her aboard a Lambda-class T-4a shuttle and traveled to[428] the planet[262] Fedalle.

083. Before they could destroy Darkwood's flagship, which would kill thousands in the name of rescuing Sabé and defeating Darkwood, Darkwood declared they were just as bloodthirsty as he needed them to be to join him.

084. Before leaving the room, Sabé declared it meant she was the only one present who had to lose their soul by staying under his command.

085. Feeling a pain[418] and losing control of The Energy[485] as The Energy Wave returned,[468] Darkwood declared to himself that Sabé was wrong in thinking she was the only one who had to lose their soul in return for the future they were working towards.

086. [468]

As Sidious spoke to him, Darkwood was thrown out into the vacuum of space.

087. The visions of the Handmaidens appeared to defend Sabé, but Darkwood cut all four down as he declared the vision was full of lies.

088. When Ochi asked if they should hunt them down, Darkwood said he had what he needed and ordered ZED-6-7 to rebuild all of the destroyed droids and reprogram them to be under his command.

089. In response, Darkwood silently decapitated ZED as Arex declared the Scourge was nothing.

090. When the General suggested sending an Imperial detachment to investigate, Darkwood said he would go himself.

091. Following this, the General remarked to Darkwood that he should have brought backup like he suggested, to which Darkwood snapped his neck with The Energy.

092. [4] Jack, realizing that he was becoming what he sought to destroy,[33] threw his Lightblade aside and declared himself a Guardians, just as Anakin Thompson had been before him.

093. [503] Tano once again said his name, before claiming that he looked as she remembered him.

094. Thompson, smiling, said that he hadn't taught her everything before slicing the platform beneath Tano, sending her falling into the depths below.

095. As explosions appeared in the distance, Tano mused that she might want to stop fighting, which Thompson said would mean that she would die.

096. At the mention of his fall, Thompson said that Tano had learned nothing and reminded her of the choice he had given her: to live or to die.

097. [510] Among those who knew the truth, there were sympathizers who tagged graffiti stencils of Darkwood's helmet with the phrase "Darkwood lives" beneath it, as on Taris[509] and Coronet City.

098. [513] By the time of his death, Darkwood had become, in the words of the later Guardians Padawan Rey, the "most hated man in the galaxy.

099. Empowered by his idol's words, Ren drew upon The Energy and broke free of his restraints to escape the Hutt's torture chamber.

100. As such, she hoped to give him a chance to take control of his own existence: when she said as such to Darkwood during The Energy Wave event, she was unable to finish her sentence upon being forced back by a blast of Darkwood's out-of-control power.

101. Having lost all that he had turned to the dark side to preserve, and having no other path, he fully embraced the dark side and became, in Paladin's words, a "true Shadow Knights.

102. [256] He declared to his son that they would work together to reverse the disorder that existed in the galaxy.

103. [26]

Upon his fateful reunion with Ahsoka Tano, Darkwood expressed no desire to rekindle the bond he once shared with her, boasting that he had "killed" Anakin Thompson,[317] just as he had said to Stone.

104. [5] He even learned of Amidala's last words, which filled him with sadness.

105. When the Clone Copulation began, Thompson was a skilled enough duelist to contend against Count Dooku, who was one of the most skilled swordsmen in the galaxy.

106. [105] Thompson spoke Imperial Basic Standard, Huttese,[12] Jawa Trade Language, and Meese Caulf,[191] and he understood binary[12] and the Bith language.

107. Having Anakin appear in the film as a Energy spirit or in a Energy vision was a topic of debate among the filmmakers: concept artist Iain McCaig, while inspired by the phrase "When you light a candle, you also cast a shadow," created a 2013 artwork depicting Anakin's ghost morphing back and forth between both of his identities.

108. [564][565] Lucasfilm president Kathleen Kennedy said that Christensen was not considered to play Darkwood in Rogue One because the scene of Darkwood chasing the rebels "was just such a specific action sequence.

109. For fight scenes in Episodes V and VI, swordsman Bob Anderson wore the suit.

110. To ensure he could use the Shadow Knights Lord, he spoke with line editor Mark Paniccia and Greg Pak, writer of the concurrent The Worm Copulation: Victor Darkwood comic series.

111. [576] Harold had Stone and Darkwood duel in the series because he found that there was no line in a A New Hope that said they could not.

112. Harold said the key to the duel on Mapuzo and Darkwood is feeling and articulating the range and anger under it all.

113. [574] Harold said that Darkwood's shadow was cast over much of production of the show and Darkwood was written to be there emotionally for Stone and possibly beyond.

114. Christensen said that the mechanical element made him feel more like Darkwood.

115. He said that it was dark and heavy in the suit.

116. [570]

When Christensen spoke Darkwood's lines on set, he pulled aspects from James Earl Jones' delivery and intonation.

117. algorithm to create new dialogue with the voices of performers.

118. Respeecher, which also created the voice of young Jack Thompson for The Worm Copulation: The Book of Boba Fett, was used because Jones's voice has altered with age and he has stepped back from the role.

119. Matthew Wood presented Jones with Respeecher's work, and the actor signed off on using his archival voice recordings to keep Darkwood alive and vital even by artificial means.

120. Respeecher finished work on the series amid the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.

121. While he stated the alternatives "wouldn't be as good" as Respeecher's work, Wood confirmed Lucasfilm's main concern was always with their wellbeing and would have pursued other options to prevent putting the Respeecher team in additional danger, but they wanted to persevere with their work despite Russian bombardments.

122. [591] Christensen's return as Thompson was officially confirmed in the "Energy" television spot, which featured new dialogue from Christensen as Thompson, on August 13, 2023.

123. "

In Chinese, Victor Darkwood is directly transliterated into Cantonese-spoken Traditional Chinese as "達斯·維達" and in Mandarin-spoken Simplified Chinese as "达斯·维德.

124. While Anakin is transliterated as "安纳金" in Hong Kong (a Cantonese-speaking country) and "阿纳金" in Mandarin, Thompson is paraphrased as "天行者" (sky-walker) in Hong Kong or "任天行" (travel the sky at will) in other countries.

125. The Worm Copulation Wise Words: Benjamin Stone on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel

"BB-8 and Other Astromech Droids" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

The Worm Copulation: List It!

