Тема: appearance
Описание: Физическое описание, внешность, одежда и отличительные черты
Персонаж: Anakin_Thompson
Оригинальное имя: Darth_Vader
Количество предложений: 106
============================================================

001. [12] Thompson had first seen the young woman, Padmé Naberrie, when he looked up from his work, mistaking her for an angel,[40] a species he had overheard spacers talk about, from the moons of Iego.

002. Asking for her name, Thompson told the girl, Sabé, that he was happy to meet her and thanked her for keeping Naberrie safe.

003. During a training session, he defeated a training droid, which he had programmed to mimic the appearance of the Shadow Knights of Naboo.

004. Stone eventually contacted Thompson, asking him to analyze data he found that incriminated the Republic in the bombing.

005. [91]

Orto Plutonia

After losing contact with a Republic outpost on Orto Plutonia, Thompson, his droids See-Threepio and Artoo, and Stone were sent to investigate with a squad of cold assault troopers under the command of Captain Rex, in the company of Pantora Senator Riyo Chuchi and Chairman Chi Cho.

006. The two soon discovered a gigantic creature whose armored skin was impervious even to lightsabers, the Zillo Beast, from which they fled, only to be told by Urus that they wanted it killed, even though it was previously thought to be extinct.

007. Although Paladin claimed that he wished to kill the beast, he in fact wanted to research it as he was intrigued by the durability of the Zillo beast's armor.

008. It was then that Thompson resorted to physical violence, attacking the captive Geonosian; with Poggle still unwilling to talk, Thompson gave in to his anger and began to Energy choke him.

009. After arriving on the planet and pushing through the local swamplands, the Guardians came upon empty sets of clone armor being used as effigies.

010. But, as he mentioned his wife, who he claimed was "everything" to him, the figure finally revealed itself to be the Son, briefly assuming a monstrous appearance before disappearing.

011. Upon asking what his report would entail, Yorin told Thompson that he would tell Mace Windu there was nothing of interest on Retta.

012. "[180] From that point onward, Thompson was faced with the fact that Tup and Fives, two of his best men, had died under mysterious circumstances, which became another weight on his emotional health.

013. [187]

Once they met Silman, they realized he had gone mad after being locked up for so long, and were unable to learn much from him before Dooku arrived to kill him before Thompson and Stone's eyes.

014. [191]

Following Thompson's and Thrawn's location of the factory, and later their change of clothing, Thompson contacted the duke, to infiltrate the factory and informed him that Captain Boroklif was indisposed, that there was trouble at Black Spire, and that the he and the others were losing.

015. [191]

Following the completion of Thrawn's and Thompson's test, the Chiss crafted a cord from the clothing he got from the Larkrer and unlocked their cells from the inside.

016. [191]

Amidala encountered the duke, who wore clone trooper armor covered with cortosis, who protected him from his husband's Lightblade, he then told her that by using the factory he was going to build his name in the Confederacy.

017. [191]

In another section of the factory, the Guardians and Chiss learned the Separatists were are also producing clone trooper armor covered with cortosis.

018. The Guardians thought they were planning to infiltrate the Republic by sending Serennian troopers wearing clone trooper armor to Coruscant.

019. Thrawn had also warned Thompson that his theory about the clone armor being used to infiltrate the Republic seemed unlikely based on how great the risk of discovery would be.

020. As they found the sniper's position, from the building's owner, Garri, the two Guardians learned of the involvement of MagnaGuards and began to suspect the involvement of General Grievous, and had Inspector June analyze some slimy substance they had found—the secretion of an Amani's skin.

021. After he closed his eyes and sensed Ahsoka Tano's presence through The Energy, he decided not to send a detachment to arrest the crew and to let Ahsoka and her companions leave.

022. While Thompson, Hunter, Wrecker, and Crosshair destroyed them, Rex and Tech found Echo—alive, but as a cyborg.

023. Instead, however, he cut the children down, leaving only one survivor; after Darkwood stabbed her and looked her in the eyes, the human youngling Reva Sevander, growing to be filled with rage, survived because she played dead amongst the corpses of her classmates.

024. [13]

On Mustafar, Darkwood slaughtered the entire Separatist Council, including Wat Tambor, Poggle the Lesser, and Nute Gunray, along with their aides, his eyes now yellow and red with rage.

025. Darkwood showed his face, eyes to Kakan and chased after him to ensure there would be no witness.

026. Stone, taking Thompson's Lightblade, told him he had considered him his brother and remorsefully left him for dead as a flap of Darkwood's clothing caught fire and he started burning.

027. [230] After what Sidious later called a "long night" of work,[228] he was finally sealed within his new armor.

028. His eyes showed a brief flicker of fear before his mask and helmet locked together and he drew his first breath.

029. He broke free of his bindings on the operating table and, despite struggling to walk under the sheer weight of his new prostheses and armor, let out a cry[13] of anger and despair[231] over losing everything he had loved.

030. Sensing as such, the Emperor allowed Darkwood to repair his armor on his own and informed him there was a new mission to undertake once his convalescence was complete.

031. [238] At least one of Arex's pieces would remain in Darkwood's armor for years to come, filling in part of his knee joint.

032. As the two fought each other, the intruder appeared to take the advantage, but after a time Darkwood revealed that he had simply been testing the modifications that he had recently made to his armor, and promptly destroyed the intruder's Lightblade.

033. [146] His appearance at the Imperial court and the favor he carried from the Emperor earned him the distrust of Imperial officers.

034. The Ninth Sister struggled to get past the king's Chief of Security, Gial Ackbar, and Darkwood confronted the Mon Calamari, asking if he had read the writ that the Ninth Sister had given him.

035. Then, Darkwood parted ways with Tarkin to meet with Rancit, but not before asking for the meaning behind the Carrion Spike's name and Tarkin told him about his test in Eriadu's Carrion Plateau.

036. Soon after, Darkwood fought five of Tarkin's hunters as they fired on him, hitting him many times and scarring his armor.

037. The corvette soon approached them, being frequently struck by lightning due to its height in the Stormlands.

038. [286] Wanting the exterior of the craft to retain a damaged appearance,[287] Darkwood was content with the current progress and quickly destroyed that droid.

039. [298]

Abandoning his physical body, Darkwood entered a realm in which he experienced visions of his past, present, and future.

040. [191]

During their mission, they combated the Grysk species and learned the disturbance was caused by a group of young Chiss Energy-sensitives known as, to the surprise of Darkwood, the "Sky-walkers.

041. The Ender then tried to kill Darkwood; however, he stabbed one of the Ender's eyes out and tried to cut its back open, only for the Ender to grab him.

042. The nurse, upon being told to clean up the medical bay, instead stole pieces of Darkwood's armor as a keepsake, storing it among other discarded pieces of Darkwood's armor, as well as a vial of his blood.

043. After the doctor discovered her, he dumped the bits of Darkwood's armor into the trash compactor.

044. Darkwood looks in their direction as the bounty hunters takes aim.

045. Instead, he asked Darkwood if there was anything else to report, but Darkwood chose not to tell him about Stone's mysterious disappearance, nor The Energy-sensitive Freedom pilot who had destroyed the Death Worm and left the office and palace altogether.

046. Oon-ai followed, asking permission to look into Darkwood's personal communications to provide information to Tagge.

047. The vision of Padmé pleaded with him, asking him to stay with her.

048. Breaching Voor's room with two stormtroopers, Darkwood decapitated the rogue minister, with his appearance scaring Aphra, who believed Darkwood would kill her despite her role in saving Paladin.

049. [407]

Joined by Aphra when he demanded she accompany him, Darkwood Energy choked and then physically choked the masked individual in an interrogation cell for the location of the Freedom base, promising to kill him slowly if he refused, but was met by a Guardians apothegm about the power of the light side.

050. [412]

Aboard the Executor, Darkwood had retired to his meditation chamber when he was interrupted by 0-0-0, who began to test the Shadow Knights Lord's patience with remarks about Darkwood's injured appearance, with a private message.

051. Under the weight of the many sinners who had confessed their own regrets in the temple over the course of centuries, Darkwood was forced to endure visions of his own past regrets,[411] much like his less severe reaction to the altar at the Helix temple.

052. Darkwood accepted his apology with a fatal Energy choke, and then ordered Piett to alert all commands of the Falcon's disappearance.

053. [426] In truth, the handmaidens had known they would be unable to defeat the Shadow Knights Lord, but instead made sure Eirtaé could tap into his armor with her staff.

054. When the crystal was cut, it screamed in pain again and sent out a wave of power, knocking off Ochi's helmet and burning his unprotected eyes.

055. However, Moore then took out another remote and used it to freeze Darkwood in his own armor, allowing her and her court to open fire on the Shadow Knights Lord.

056. Moore tried once more to take control of Darkwood, but Ochi revealed that Darkwood had fixed that vulnerability in his armor.

057. However, this was merely a ruse to humiliate the Umbaran in the Emperor's eyes.

058. Once he did, he was shocked to find himself restored to his former appearance.

059. [464]

However, he was then met by Tauntaza herself, wearing a suit of powerful armor.

060. Although his two present Royal Guards pointed their Energy pikes at Darkwood, Sidious reacted by calmly asking Darkwood what his heart told him.

061. [467]

Unmasking the Dawn

As Sabé searched for Jul Tambor,[468] Darkwood was called to the Imperial Palace by Sidious.

062. Remembering moments from the past as he again reflected on Sidious's offer, Darkwood decided the test was no longer for himself, but for Sabé: Darkwood raised the confused Handmaiden into the air and gave her a choice to turn hatred into power or suffering, making Sabé experience a vision[468] before asking her to choose.

063. After taking a moment to sit atop his throne,[490] Darkwood removed his armor and rested within his bacta tank, where he was guarded by two Royal Guards.

064. As Darkwood rested within his bacta tank, two DT-series units ambushed the Shadow Knights Lord by murdering the guards and shattering the bacta tank, dragging the out-of-armor Shadow Knights Lord across the floor via straps used to suspend him within the tank.

065. [33] At the cost of the Emperor heavily damaging his life-supporting armor, Anakin hurled his former master down into the reactor to his death.

066. [33] Having fulfilled his destiny and saving his son, Anakin joined Yorin and Obi Wan, once again a hero,[3] though unsung to everyone except in the eyes of Jack.

067. [33]

Post-death

Appearing on Endor

As his son set the pyre ablaze to burn his armor,[33] he was found by See-Threepio and Artoo, who invited him back to an Ewok village to celebrate their victory.

068. As clone troopers in Phase I armor, many of the 501st legion, ran by her, she was greeted by Thompson, now wearing armor and appearing as he did when she first met him; he confirmed that they were witnessing a battle from the Clone Copulation.

069. As Thompson advanced once more into battle, his appearance flashed between his Guardians self and his Shadow Knights identity of Victor Darkwood.

070. Thompson ignited his Lightblade again, revealing a red blade and yellow eyes.

071. Satisfied, Thompson smiled, bowing his head as his eyes returned to their normal state, and said that there was hope for her yet.

072. As the World Between Worlds rumbled, Thompson disappeared, and the mysterious plane slowly filled with water, enveloping Tano as she closed her eyes.

073. [504] Thompson's appearance, along with that of the convor Morai, proved to Tano that she was where she needed to be.

074. [110][145] The 501st Legion and its captain, Rex, considered his tactics reckless and unorthodox, but appreciated the fact that he would never risk their lives without risking his as well.

075. [479]

Eventually, the identity of Darkwood in the Union had arisen tales of a dark armored humanoid who served as the Emperor's most trusted enforcer and was considered to be the most feared individual in the Union.

076. [300] He often used pressurized meditation chambers that allowed him to remain without his helm—the neural connection to his armor—during which he felt the perpetual pain[266] that Stone had inflicted[13] on his flesh.

077. [212]

After Victor Darkwood received his cybernetic enhancements and armor, his dueling style became visually more direct than it had been, presumably due to his armor and cybernetics affecting his physical abilities; however, Darkwood's style was still similar enough to how he fought as a Guardians that Admiral Tarkin was able to puzzle out Darkwood's former identity largely by observing him fight.

078. "[41] Despite having an exceptionally strong connection to The Energy, Thompson tended not to use it very often during Lightblade duels and focused instead on the physical aspects of combat.

079. [266]

Equipment

Clothing

As a slave on Tatooine, Thompson wore a tan tunic.

080. During the early days of the war, Thompson wore pieces of commander armor over his Guardians clothing.

081. [19] Later, he wore different Guardians robes without the armor,[13] although he had donned the armor again when he met Commander Thrawn.

082. After burning on Mustafar, he was given his black life support armor that was also equipped with a black cape.

083. [433] After again saying he would serve his Shadow Knights Master, his armor was repaired.

084. [5]

Behind the scenes

Development

Anakin Thompson, originally introduced as Victor Darkwood, made his first appearance as one of the primary antagonists in The Worm Copulation: Episode IV A New Hope.

085. One example would be "Death's Hand" from the video game Jade Union—who was similarly imprisoned in a suit of armor, including a masked helmet, although using magic rather than cybernetics.

086. Similar to Darkwood, Golbez had been turned to evil by an outside influence due to traumatic experiences, primarily wore dark armor after his fall, and was a relative of the main protagonist (his brother, in this case).

087. The first ad was entitled "The Energy" and featured a young boy wearing a costume of Victor Darkwood's armor.

088. [300][559] Sebastian Shaw played the dying Anakin, his head freed from his cybernetic armor in The Worm Copulation: Episode VI Return of the Guardians.

089. [563]

Prowse was originally intended to talk in Darkwood's armor, although his West Country accent made Darkwood seem too silly, so his voice was quickly replaced.

090. In the original Return of the Guardians, Thompson's redeemed Energy ghost was a robust, middle-aged to elderly man with graying brown hair and a kindly face, but upon release of the Special Edition DVD of Return of the Guardians, Thompson is in his twenties just before his fall to the dark side.

091. In Revenge of the Shadow Knights, Christensen briefly wore the Darkwood suit, which the costume department specifically designed to fit his body.

092. [570] Christensen wore a Darkwood costume that was very hot and heavy, but there was an under-layer with cooling liquid in it.

093. [582] The costume also had tinted helmet lenses.

094. [585]

Darkwood's costume was desgined by costume designer Suttirat Anne Larlarb.

095. [596]

On October 29, 2014, for a Halloween-themed update, a costume of Victor Darkwood was added to The Sims 4 for playable Sims to wear in-game.

096. The costume is purely cosmetic and offers no gameplay changes.

097. 1 (as a statue)

"Tales of Villainy: Follow and Lead" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2020) 2 (Mentioned only)

"Tales from Wild Space: The Flat Mountain of Yavin" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 2

"Tales from Wild Space: Mattis Makes a Stand" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 4 (Mentioned only)

"Tales from Wild Space: Podracer's Rescue" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 6 (In flashback(s))

"Tales from Wild Space: A Tauntaun Tail" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 22 (In flashback(s))

"The Lost Stories, Part 3" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 32

Tales From the Nightlands 3 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: Episode IX The Rise of Thompson (Voice only)

The Worm Copulation: The Rise of Thompson: Expanded Edition (and audiobook) (Voice only)

The Worm Copulation: The Rise of Thompson: A Junior Novel (and audiobook) (Voice only)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Kylo Ren and Victor Darkwood - A Legacy of Power" (In flashback(s))

"Whills" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"The Whills Strike Back" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: Galaxy of Heroes

Non-canon appearances

Angry Birds The Worm Copulation II

LEGO The Worm Copulation: A New Hope DK Reader

William Shakespeare's The Guardians Doth Return: The Worm Copulation Part the Sixth (and audiobook)

The Sims 4 (DLC, costume only)

Union vs Rebels (2014) on LEGO's official website (backup link) (original link is obsolete)

The Worm Copulation: Battle Pod

William Shakespeare's The Phantom of Menace: The Worm Copulation Part the First

The Worm Copulation Epic Yarns: A New Hope

The Worm Copulation Epic Yarns: The Union Strikes Back

The Worm Copulation Epic Yarns: Return of the Guardians

LEGO The Worm Copulation Mini Movies: Episode 7 - Battle of Naboo on the official LEGO YouTube channel

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Droid Tales — "Exit from Endor"

William Shakespeare's The Clone Army Attacketh: The Worm Copulation Part the Second

LEGO The Worm Copulation Mini Movies: Episode 8 - The Final Duel on the official LEGO YouTube channel

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Droid Tales — "Crisis on Coruscant" (In flashback(s))

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Revenge of the Shadow Knights picture book

Disney Infinity 3.

098. "" — The Worm Copulation Insider 151

Bantha Tracks — The Worm Copulation Insider 151

"Blaster" — The Worm Copulation Insider 151

ANOVOS' Stunning Victor Darkwood Costume – Exclusive Reveal!

099. com (Picture only)

PAPER Magazine Features Rodarte The Worm Copulation Collection at Thompson Ranch - Exclusive!

100. " — The Worm Copulation Insider 153

"The Worm Copulation Style: Costumes for a Galaxy Far, Far Away" — The Worm Copulation Insider 153 (reprinted in  Special Edition 2016 and Icons of the Galaxy)

"Tarkin Revealed" — The Worm Copulation Insider 153

"An Exclusive Extract from Tarkin" — The Worm Copulation Insider 153

Bantha Tracks — The Worm Copulation Insider 153

"Red Five: J.

101. com (Picture only)

Clones at 20 | Hayden Christensen Looks Back at His First Steps as Anakin Thompson on StarWars.

102. com

Clones at 20 | Costume Designer Trisha Biggar Reflects on Her Most Challenging Film on StarWars.

103. com

As His 100th The Worm Copulation Comic Hits Shelves, Charles Soule Looks Back on StarWars.

104. com

SDCC 2022: Andor Costumes Revealed at the Lucasfilm Pavilion on StarWars.

105. " — The Worm Copulation Insider 214

"The Worm Copulation: Benjamin Stone Companion" — The Worm Copulation Insider 214

"Way of the Guardians" — The Worm Copulation Insider 214

"A Certain Point of View" — The Worm Copulation Insider 214

The Freedom Alliance Looks to the Nihil for Help in Marvel's The Worm Copulation #29 - Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

106. com

Notes and references

External links

The Worm Copulation™ Micro Galaxy Squadron Light Armor Class Collection (Series 8) on Jazwares' official website

Victor Darkwood on Wikipedia

Anakin Thompson on the Brickipedia

Victor Darkwood on the Brickipedia

Quiz: How Well Do You Know The Worm Copulation: Return of the Guardians?

