Тема: affiliations
Описание: Принадлежность к организациям, фракциям, орденам и группам
Персонаж: Anakin_Thompson
Оригинальное имя: Darth_Vader
Количество предложений: 304
============================================================

001. Anakin Thompson was a legendary Energy-sensitive human male who was a Guardians Knight of the Imperial Republic and the prophesied Chosen One of the Guardians Order, destined to bring balance to The Energy.

002. Manipulated into believing that the Guardians had failed him and coupled with his fear of losing Amidala in childbirth, Thompson betrayed and turned against the Guardians Order, believing Sidious had the knowledge to cheat death.

003. Consumed by the persona of Victor Darkwood, the fallen Guardians Knight marched his legion on the Guardians Temple of Coruscant where they executed its inhabitants, including Guardians younglings, as part of Order 66 and the Great Guardians Purge.

004. Sullivan would turn to the dark side as well, becoming the dark warrior Kylo Ren during the rise of the First Order.

005. Breaking up the fight, Thompson greeted Naberrie and the rest of her group when they arrived to see what was happening, and he convinced the group to follow him to Jira's fruit stand nearby.

006. When Jira warned the group that a sandstorm was coming, Thompson insisted that the unprepared group come with him to his home.

007. The group stayed at the Skywalkers' as the sandstorm continued to rage, and during a meal, he began to explain life as a slave, though a brief argument between Naberrie and Shmi about slavery led Anakin to the subject of podracing.

008. As the conversation turned to the group's damaged Naboo Royal Starship, Thompson volunteered to race in the Boonta Eve Classic podrace so that Jinn could get the prize money.

009. Anakin used a power pack that Jinn had lifted from Watto's shop to start the podracer, and the group was heartened to witness the engines activating and running perfectly.

010. With Thompson close behind, and now out of surprise tricks, Sebulba resorted to sheer brutality in order to either keep Thompson behind him or batter the boy enough to destroy his pod.

011. The group landed in the swamps of Naboo and sent Binks to the Gungan capital city of Otoh Gunga.

012. When Binks finally returned, he explained that Otoh Gunga was empty, but he took the group to the Gungan Sacred Place, where the Gungans had no doubt fled after the Trade Federation invaded.

013. [12]

When the group was brought before Boss Rugor Nass, the leader of the Gungans, Thompson was astonished to learn that Naberrie was, in fact, Padmé Amidala, the Queen of Naboo and that she had been posing as her double's handmaiden as a safety precaution.

014. [40]

Anakin was a member of the group which, led by Amidala, grabbed the chance to recapture the Theed Royal Palace.

015. When the group entered the Theed hangar bay, Thompson heeded Jinn's command for him to stay hidden in the cockpit of one of the hangar's N-1 starfighters.

016. Thompson asked what Benjamin's life was like before joining the Guardians Order.

017. Stone ordered Thompson to stay outside to keep watch whilst he and Clatriffe went inside the facility to obtain the holocron.

018. He activated his Lightblade, whereupon Shaku ordered his pirates to attack him because he found the laser sword to be more valuable than the things that they dug up.

019. He ordered a trade, the boy for the Lightblade, but was taken down by Thompson using The Energy to assault Shaku with small pebbles.

020. As Stone left with a team of Guardians Temple Guards, investigating a disturbance in The Energy, he ordered Thompson to remain there and clean up.

021. During that night, Anakin and Padmé agreed on a plan of using her as bait, in order to capture the assassin, much to Benjamin's dismay.

022. After he proclaimed he did not care if he would be expelled from the Guardians Order if it meant saving her, Thompson only agreed to continue when Stone reminded him Amidala would continued on her duties if she had been in a similar crisis.

023. Thompson then returned with the group to the Republic shuttle.

024. Stone arrived shortly after with Viiveenn, informing the group that Yarua had died saving his daughter.

025. Just then, Senator Amidala contacted the Hutt crime lord and informed him that his uncle Ziro was involved with the kidnapping, just for Tano to arrive along with Rotta, resolving matters to Jabba's satisfaction.

026. Before Lessu was destroyed on Count Dooku's orders, Thompson and Tano shot them down.

027. They soon realized that the Felucian villagers were being protected by a group of bounty hunters led by Sugi—Embo, Rumi Paramita, and Seripas.

028. Ohnaka then told the group that he would be back, but by then Thompson had taught the Felucians how to fight with staffs—though slow at first, they eventually picked up the craft.

029. After a few days, the Ohnaka Gang returned as promised, and a skirmish ensued between the factions.

030. Refusing to let his Padawan die, Thompson ordered to have them found; Unduli, however, told him that he needed to let go of his attachment to her if she were to be dead.

031. Discreetly, Thompson, Gallia, Rex, and a group of clone troopers would execute a hyperspace jump into the system in an ambassador shuttle that would bring them right alongside Grievous's cruiser.

032. Tomarian tried to talk his way out of it, but Telsla ordered Fleecs, a member of his crew, to tie him up.

033. Thompson allowed Tano to go with Amidala in order for her to learn more about politics.

034. The group's namesake, the Death Wind Corridor also passed by Mekedrix's home planet of Roon, creating a possible link.

035. [147]

After landing, Thompson was thawed out and he found, to his surprise, that Tano had disobeyed orders and followed him.

036. Thompson was contacted by Rex, who was requesting assistance, though he was already preoccupied with a group of Vulture Droids.

037. [155]

They split into two groups: Thompson went with his wife, Ackbar, and Tills, whereas Fisto, Tano, and two troopers accompanied the Prince.

038. Expecting Republic reinforcements to come soon, Thompson and his group proceeded to the Mon Calamari central planetary scanner facility, where the Guardians Knight collapsed the entire structure with The Energy, rendering planetary defenses blind to upcoming Republic reinforcements—the Gungan Grand Army, and Representative Binks, sent at the behest of the High Council.

039. Dogma replied that he was fine, but Rex told him it was a direct order, prompting Dogma to do as he was told.

040. Along with Rex and Stone, Thompson evacuated the facility before it was destroyed on Koon's orders, before returning to the rest of Koon's fleet.

041. [164]

Onderon Rebellion

Following a plea made by a Freedom cell on Onderon, the Guardians Council considered how to help them fight the Separatists.

042. [166]

After some successful operations, Thompson, Stone, and Rex decided to return to Coruscant and report to the Council, while Tano stayed behind as a liaison to the rebels, without revealing herself as a Guardians.

043. [167] They kept in frequent communication with her, to provide guidance,[167][165] but also to provide help by hiring Hondo Ohnaka to deliver missile launchers to the Onderon rebels for the final assault.

044. He was outraged to learn that the Council had already made their decision and that the meeting was simply a formality, and they proceeded to expel her from the Order.

045. [174]

Thompson soon found and interrogated Ventress, who admitted she was about to turn in Tano to the authorities, until she realized Tano had been abandoned by Thompson and the Guardians Order, just like she had been forsaken by Dooku.

046. [174]

Back at the Temple, Thompson and the Council apologized to Tano and invited her back into the Order, with Thompson offering her severed Padawan braid.

047. Tano, however, declared that she felt she could not stay with the Order, due to their lack of trust in her.

048. Despite Thompson's heartfelt protests and his mentioning that he himself had considered leaving the Order before, she chose to walk away.

049. [179]

Kamino conspiracy

A short time after Tano left the Guardians Order,[181] Thompson, alongside Guardians Generals Tiplar and Tiplee, and the 501st were sent to take control of Ringo Vinda's planet-wide station back from Admiral Trench.

050. However, one of Thompson's troopers, Tup, intentionally killed General Tiplar, forcing Thompson to order his and Tiplee's troops to fall back.

051. He then had Tup checked out to see if he had been brainwashed by the Separatists, only to find nothing in him, even as he repeated nonstop "Good soldiers follow orders" as well as apparent amnesia.

052. Meanwhile, the senator had entered the building and was accompanied by a group of locals, consisting of maintenance workers of the factory, Cimy, Huga, and LebJau.

053. Amidala had promised the group a fortune, which would be given to them by her Uncle Anakin if they helped her access the factory.

054. [191]

After the Chiss was presented to the newcomers by Thompson, the group created a plan to retrieve Thompson's Lightblade, which involved Thrawn and the senator going alone to the roof to retrieve the Lightblade.

055. [196]

However, they both fell asleep and were captured by a group of Sugis led by Chong, who brought them before Endente as Stone told Chong of their "intention" to buy weapons.

056. While Stone and Commander Cody were taking cover from the blasts, Thompson ordered his men to hide under the bridge, while Artoo would tell them when to launch.

057. The group went to discuss the possible attack, but Stone was not willing to help Tano and her allies unless the Guardians Council gave their permission, causing Thompson to unnoticeably scowl at him.

058. Stone pointed out that they were entering a pivotal moment in the Clone Copulation, but Tano countered that Stone was playing politics and that the Guardians Order had lost their way by forgetting that their duty was to help people and not politicians, which was why the people, and Tano herself, had lost faith in them.

059. [13]

Tensions of loyalty

At the same time, tensions were rising between Chancellor Paladin and the Guardians Council, who were concerned with his increasing power.

060. [13] While Paladin's conflation of the two groups played to Thompson's devotion to his Order's ideals and helped set the stage for his conversion to the dark side,[219] Thompson rebutted by saying that the Shadow Knights were selfish while the Guardians were selfless.

061. [218] The revelation that he might need to disobey the Guardians Order to save Amidala opened Thompson's mind[220] — he wanted to learn this power.

062. During the meeting, Cody joined and informed the group learned that Benjamin had engaged Grievous on Utapau.

063. Windu then tasked Anakin with informing the Chancellor and see what his reaction is in order to learn his true intentions.

064. [13]

Despite his confusion, Thompson still was loyal to the Guardians Order.

065. [221]

Though horrified that he betrayed and contributed to the death of Windu, Thompson saw this as the final straw against the Guardians Order, and as such there was no turning back for him.

066. Sidious then executed Order 66, during which the clone troopers were forcibly brainwashed into turning on their Guardians Generals and executing them on the spot, while Darkwood led the 501st Legion to attack the Guardians Temple.

067. [224] In the council chamber, he found a group of younglings trying to hide.

068. [13] Similarly, as he led a Energy of clones further into the Temple, he encountered a group of younglings who assumed he had arrived to help.

069. Before his departure he went back home to Amidala and told her much to her disbelief that the Guardians Order had tried to topple the Republic and that he was about to go to Mustafar.

070. Simultaneously, Sidious carried out the proclamation of the New Order in an emergency session of the Senate, claiming that the Guardians Order had committed treason against the Republic, and reorganized the Republic into the first Imperial Union with himself as its Emperor.

071. The station was garrisoned by a group of clone troopers, who noted Darkwood's approach and hailed him.

072. Darkwood's hope was that any Guardians who had taken the vow, one of complete non-interference in all Guardians affairs, would have been not only out of harm's way when Order 66 was issued but would have ignored its occurrence in accordance with the vow.

073. He was then set upon by a group of gigantic carnivorous birds, which damaged one of his cybernetic legs.

074. As Darkwood floated within a bacta tank, the Emperor congratulated him for taking his first step to mastery of the dark side, although Darkwood was angered when he learned a group of droids would be fixing his suit.

075. Darkwood was told that most of the Inquisitorius were Guardians who converted to the dark side in the wake of the Order's destruction in order to save themselves.

076. Darkwood then ordered him to search every level of Coruscant, steering clear of the Guardians temple.

077. When Fox asked him what they were expecting to happen and Darkwood told him that they had missed a Guardians during Order 66.

078. As a result, Darkwood ordered her to remain outside while he investigated.

079. Seizing Chanath in a Energy choke, he commanded they tell him who had ordered his death.

080. The group was washed away by the wave, and Dac City was left in ruins.

081. He too died in the process but managed to slow Darkwood's submarine, and the rest of the group followed Barr to Bel City.

082. Barr prophesied that the Mon Calamari vessels would be at the forefront of a great rebellion decades from then, and decades after that.

083. Krennic claimed it was Tarkin sabotaging his efforts in order to get rid of him and take over the project.

084. Darkwood gave his knowledge on the situation to loyalty officer Sid Uddra, who met him at the Petranaki Arena to discuss what she suspected.

085. Darkwood punished them for their rebellion.

086. [267] Apparitions of Darkwood and other dark siders were once faced by surviving Guardians Vanzell Mar-Klar and Nedriss Narr, who attempted to train a new generation of younglings after Order 66.

087. Bringing a Lambda-class shuttle aboard the Phial-class heavy transport Endless Mercy, Darkwood led a squad of stormtroopers in pursuit, ordering his men to stay vigilant and secure the area.

088. [274]

Relics of the Clone Copulation

Around 17 BBY[2] during the early Imperial era,[275] around two[2] years after the skirmish aboard[276] the Tribunal[7] during Order 66, Darkwood traveled to the snowy moon that was home to the crash site of the Venator-class Worm Destroyer.

089. Darkwood ordered his troops to attack and despite the high amount of casualties, he did not retreat.

090. In order to prevent this eventuality, Darkwood crashed his black Eta-2 Actis-class light interceptor into one of its gun bubbles and ejected just before the collision.

091. To that end, Sidious gave the order for Moff Delian Mors to be informed that Taa would be arriving for a state visit, but stipulated that she should not be told that either he or Darkwood would be accompanying the Senator.

092. [266]

Assassination attempt on the Defiance

While traveling from Coruscant to Ryloth, the Emperor ordered the Perilous to stop in the Denon system to consult with several navy chiefs on how to better integrate disparate naval academies into one Imperial Naval Academy.

093. " Baylo ordered the Defiance to enter hyperspace on a course for Christophsis.

094. Darkwood ordered Sloane to correct the problem, and without revealing that he knew of Baylo's treachery, Darkwood and Baylo went to see the Emperor.

095. Darkwood tried to explain that his way was more efficient, but the Emperor wanted to hear nothing of it as he did not order him to kill Baylo.

096. An order was then broadcast from the Imperial headquarters on Ryloth for any and all repair ships to aid the Perilous as it sped, badly damaged, towards the planet.

097. [266]

Unbeknownst to Darkwood, some of the Twi'lek repair teams in fact comprised members of the Free Ryloth movement, one of which was a group of saboteurs with orders to plant timed explosives on the hyperdrive core of the Perilous.

098. Shortly after the teams landed, one of the Free Ryloth groups engaged in a firefight with Imperial stormtroopers.

099. When Darkwood learned of this, he ordered all of the Twi'lek repair teams, numbering over 100, to be killed regardless of whether they were aiding the assault and proceeded to Deck 17, where the firefight had been reported.

100. On the way, he killed a group of apparently uninvolved Twi'leks before proceeding to the hyperdrive chamber.

101. Shortly thereafter, the Imperial traitor Belkor Dray provided Cham with the transponder identity of the Emperor's shuttle, and he directed Isval and her group aboard the escort boat to attack it.

102. At night, they stopped to rest, when the Emperor questioned his regret and loyalty, but Darkwood showed himself devoted still.

103. Making use of his connection to his meditation chamber, Darkwood pinpointed the rebels' location to the Fial system and later, the Galidraan system, where they engaged the Spike before they jettisoned his meditation chamber and escaped to Lucazec.

104. Aware of Rancit's treason, as a co-conspirator of Teller, Darkwood had Lieutenant Crest place Rancit aboard an escape pod and had Rancit give himself the command to issue the fire order that destroyed it.

105. Elsewhere, Tarkin dealt with the rebels, ending the insurgency.

106. Tarkin had his hunters form a group around him, and they walked in Darkwood's direction.

107. Darkwood loomed over them at the top of the ravine and watched as Tarkin ordered his team to run.

108. The group ran down the ravine, and Darkwood made his move, Energy-pushing one of the hunters into the ravine wall.

109. [286]

Darkwood was then ordered by the Emperor to go to Alderaan to deal with Senator Bail Organa.

110. As a result, Momin's essence became trapped within his mask, forcing him to take on host after host in order to create his art.

111. Darkwood arrived with his three Inquisitors and a squad of stormtroopers and walked through the streets of the settlement, terrorizing and killing random civilians in order to draw Benjamin out.

112. Darkwood ordered Benjamin brought to him, but before the stormtroopers could comply, a hidden Tala Durith opened fire, killing several stormtroopers and reigniting the flammable rocks.

113. Ordering the pleasantries dispensed with, Darkwood demanded to know Benjamin's location.

114. He then ordered the bridge captain to set a course for Jabiim.

115. [55]

En route to Jabiim, Darkwood ordered the Path's base locked down.

116. Darkwood pursued them in his TIE fighter, along with a group of other TIEs.

117. [307]

War with the Rebellion

Lothal

Darkwood continued to look for leads on Stone's location, albeit in a more patient manner that did not jeopardize his service to the Union,[279] as per Sidious's order.

118. Darkwood then contacted the Grand Inquisitor via hologram to inform him of the Emperor's vision, ordering the Grand Inquisitor to hunt down these children to either press them into Imperial service or be eliminated.

119. [29] In time, the Grand Inquisitor's focus would be centered on the Spectres Freedom cell that mainly operated around the world of Lothal, as two Guardians worked as part of the cell:[309] Order 66 survivor Kanan Jarrus,[310] who had gone by the name Caleb Dume during the Clone Copulation,[193] and his Padawan Ezra Bridger.

120. [310] However, over Mustafar, the union of multiple Freedom cells into a growing Freedom alliance was revealed when the Spectres were rescued by the Phoenix Squadron, with the Grand Inquisitor also being killed aboard Tarkin's crippled Worm Destroyer.

121. The Emperor, concerned at the rise in Freedom activity, sent Darkwood to Lothal with Tarkin to end the growing rebellion.

122. The rebels agreed and returned to Lothal.

123. However, Darkwood had intended for Tua to contact the rebels in order to lure them back to Lothal and saw to it that a bomb was placed on Tua's shuttle.

124. [279]

Immediately after the incident, Darkwood had it broadcast all over the planet that the rebels had assassinated Tua in order to discredit them.

125. Darkwood knew that the lockdown, combined with the populace's mistrust of the rebels, would essentially guarantee that they would need to steal a ship in order to escape.

126. When the rebels attempted to steal it, Darkwood confronted them with a small group of stormtroopers.

127. Darkwood engaged the rebels' Guardians members, Jarrus and Bridger, while his troops engaged in a small scale firefight with the other rebels.

128. As his intent was for the rebels to escape, Darkwood lazily toyed with the two Guardians while their cohorts attempted to launch the shuttle.

129. [279]

The confrontation came to an end when two of the rebels threw thermal detonators at a number of walkers on the landing pad, damaging their legs and scattering the stormtroopers underneath them.

130. Believing him to be dead, the two rebels were instead astounded to see Darkwood, completely unharmed, use The Energy to lift both of the walkers off of himself and drop them behind him.

131. Recognizing that they were hopelessly outmatched, Kanan ordered Ezra to run with him to the commandeered shuttle.

132. [279]

However, Darkwood informed him that doing so would not be necessary, as he believed that the rebels would not attempt to leave the planet for some time.

133. Darkwood later ordered Kallus to destroy Tarkintown in order to draw out the rebels or, failing that, to demoralize them.

134. Shortly thereafter, the rebels used the stolen shuttle to escape the planet and rendezvous with the Freedom fleet.

135. In an unexpected turn of good fortune for the rebels, Darkwood broke off what would have been a killing run at Phoenix Home in favor of engaging the VCX-100 light freighter.

136. The Admiral contacted Darkwood in order to receive instructions, and Darkwood ordered Konstantine to block the Ghost's escape, but not to fire at it, as he wanted the rebels aboard it alive.

137. Pleased by this news, the Emperor declared that she could lead the two Shadow Knights Lords to other Guardians who survived Order 66.

138. The Emperor urged Darkwood to be patient, and instructed him to send another Inquisitor to hunt the rebels down.

139. [2] Though the rebels managed to flee, the Inquisitors informed Darkwood of their discovery.

140. [325] A short time later in 2 BBY,[2] amid Thrawn's ongoing campaign[326] to root out and destroy the growing Freedom threat,[327] the rebellious senator of Chandrila, Mon Mothma, formally rallied numerous Freedom cells together under a single banner, the Alliance to Restore the Republic.

141. [330] During or after 2 BBY,[331] at some point after the Alliance was formed, Victor Darkwood was lured to HS-197, an abandoned ore-mining moon in the Horox system, by Cyn, the son of Sig Sendvall, a cyberneticist who had worked on Darkwood’s suit.

142. [336] As a result of allowing the rebels to slip through his grip, Darkwood now held a disdain for the Grand Admiral.

143. Though during this meeting, the two were ordered by the Emperor to the planet Batuu to locate a disturbance in The Energy that the Emperor had sensed.

144. " Afterward, Darkwood came to doubt Thrawn's loyalty to the Union because of the threats growing against the Chiss in the Unknown Regions.

145. After telling Thrawn to ensure he kept his promise to the Emperor by ordering him to stay in Imperial space instead of leaving to save his people, Darkwood came to respect Thrawn's TIE/d "Defender" Multi-Role Starfighter project, stating he would speak on its behalf to Paladin and suggesting upgrades for the craft.

146. [337]

Submission to Ahr

During the Union's efforts to subdue anti-Imperial forces in a Mid Rim sector under Imperial Governor Ahr, Darkwood participated in an attack on the planet Namzor, where he eliminated a group of insurgents.

147. In the process, he destroyed the rebels' stores of coaxium, violating the command of Ahr, who was charged with securing the hyperfuel.

148. Before Darkwood could strike, Ahr ordered the Dark Lord to kneel before him.

149. The nurse briefly aided Darkwood, perceiving the moment as intimate, before the doctor himself returned, ordering the nurse to leave as he tended to Darkwood instead.

150. Darkwood then put his helmet back on and exited his quarters, contacting the bridge and ordering them to remove her corpse.

151. [339]

Hunting the Hidden Hand

On the orders of the Emperor, Darkwood attacked and killed three lower-level clans working for the Hidden Hand, a crime syndicate known to sell weapons to the Rebellion.

152. Darkwood used The Energy to lift Gwi to safety, he was ordered to bring the Emperor's prize to him alive.

153. He and a small group of stormtroopers then boarded the vessel and began searching for the plans.

154. As the Freedom crew began to evacuate the Profundity, a small group of Freedom troopers copied the Death Worm schematics onto a data disk and attempted to board the Corellian corvette Tantive IV and escape.

155. [346]

Unable to get the door to open more than a few centimeters, the Rebels were intercepted by Darkwood,[346] who unleashed his fury[348] in the enclosed space to slaughter the helpless Rebels.

156. [346]

Pursuing the plans

Despite their daring escape, the Rebels aboard the Tantive IV did not get far.

157. Eventually, she told him that the Rebels were on Dantooine, yet Tarkin ordered Alderaan to be destroyed anyway, to make an effective demonstration of the Death Worm's power.

158. "[350] Darkwood then tried to stop the Rebels from escaping but was prevented from doing so by the closing of the hangar doors by Jack's shot.

159. As such, Darkwood ordered fighters to launch.

160. When Gold Squadron broke off from the main group and begun a trench run towards the exhaust port, Darkwood boarded his TIE Advanced and, flanked by two TIE fighters, managed to terminate three of the last four Gold Squadron pilots.

161. [21]

As the last members of Red Squadron engaged in a trench run while the Death Worm was preparing the destroy the moon, Darkwood damaged Wedge Antilles's X-wing, forcing him to break off formation, and killed Biggs Darklighter, leaving only the leader of the group, Jack.

162. Then, he ordered Ree and Sai to remain in the hold for the remainder of the voyage while he took command of the freighter until they returned to the Devastator.

163. [356] Darkwood ordered for a blockade of the Yavin system to begin at one point.

164. After witnessing the doctor turn Cranwell into a Gamorrean with the serum, Darkwood suggested the serum could be used against the Rebellion.

165. As he surmised these occurrences were the work of Rebels, Darkwood put the entire moon on alert but also felt the presence of the pilot who had destroyed the Death Worm, Jack Thompson.

166. As he prepared to execute Jack for his refusal to disclose information about the Rebellion, he realized that the boy's Lightblade had once been his own.

167. [360]

In the ensuing chaos, Darkwood sought to prevent the Rebels' escape, and mowed down the factory's runaway slaves, commanding his stormtroopers to execute all the escapees.

168. [350]

The Emperor then ordered Darkwood to continue the unfinished Cymoon 1 negotiations with Jabba the Hutt on Tatooine, right before going to Tagge.

169. [362]

Jabba first required someone screaming, though, so he ordered his guards to pilot the Khetanna to the Great Pit of Carkoon.

170. Greeted by a Twi'lek pirate, whom he killed, Darkwood ordered the troopers to secure the core, while his astromech made his way to the command center to plant the false evidence.

171. A Mon Calamari pirate survived long enough to activate the self-destruct, and Darkwood ordered the surviving troopers to return to the corvette and prepare to launch as soon as he returned.

172. [14]

Darkwood ordered Aphra to cease her probing, and entered the catacombs; she followed him.

173. Meanwhile, Aphra set a beacon on the ceiling with Darkwood's help and ordered her Ark Angel to barrage the locator to make a hole in the roof.

174. As neither party was injured, the Emperor ordered the fight to be one to the death.

175. [370]

As they encountered each other, Darkwood ordered her not to struggle and Energy choked her, but Aphra claimed she knew of Jack's location.

176. Darkwood released her and ordered Aphra to tell him, but she refused, claiming she would tell him later.

177. [371] In his TIE Advanced, he went to the planet's system where, upon coming out of hyperspace, he found three Alliance starfighter squadrons orbiting the planet.

178. There, Darkwood was hunted down by the Alliance forces, starting with Gray Squadron, but he promptly destroyed them by use of The Energy.

179. With The Energy, he brought down the shuttle transporting Jack, and Aphra tried to capture Jack only to be captured herself by the Rebels, leaving Darkwood to watch as his son on the Millennium Falcon fled from Vrogas Vas.

180. Accompanied by Queen Trios, Darkwood led an attack against a rebellious delving citadel, and destroyed it as a demonstration of Energy.

181. He also accorded to treat Trios with the illusion of respect and tasked, in secret, a group of bounty hunters to find Aphra and return her to him, either dead or alive.

182. After ordering that Thlu-Ry be thanked and then, for fraternizing with a traitor, executed, Darkwood led the assault on Cylo's fleet from his TIE Advanced.

183. As she realized as such and was dragged away by two stormtroopers to await Darkwood's wrath, she gave a new priority order: help her escape.

184. Darkwood then ordered Aphra to follow him.

185. [386]

Slaying the unworthy

After the rebellion began encroaching in the Mid Rim, The Emperor let Darkwood loose, deciding that incompetence at the highest level was to blame for the the Death Worm's destruction, allowing him to kill Imperial officials including Moff Coovern and Minister Khemt.

186. Coercing her into becoming a double agent, Darkwood ordered her to say what she had to before departing, indicating that they had work ahead.

187. Darkwood ordered his troopers to kill all of the individuals they found in the space station.

188. [393]

Tureen VII

After the death of Cylo, Darkwood ordered Sergeant Kreel and his SCAR Squadron to hunt down Jack Thompson.

189. Kreel then traveled to the Horox system and destroyed the Freedom outpost there, killing all rebels present.

190. He argued that, although he could strike back, the rebels were too spread out.

191. Ozzel suggested that scrounging more worlds with constant bombardments via Darkwood's new Death Squadron, but Veers intervened and came up with a theory; Veers claimed that the rebellion was like weeds, while the Union was like a storm; when a storm passed, weeds would bend and come out unharmed, whereas a tree could not withstand the onslaught.

192. Until the rebellion was a solid singular unit, Veers argued, it would slip through their fingers.

193. " Darkwood told his subordinates that Veers made an interesting point and set out[399] with a new strategy: give the Alliance time to gather its forces and assemble its might in one location, where they could be crushed.

194. After she was to supply information to the rebels that would be sufficient to entirely sabotage the mining efforts.

195. As the rebels armed their new cruisers at the Mako-Ta Space Docks, she gave Darkwood the go-ahead to attack, telling him that they expected nothing.

196. [400] As the rebels prepared to scatter their new fleet, their hyperdrives failed to work, rendering the cruisers immobile from the system.

197. The cruisers were useless against Darkwood's fleet, and Darkwood ordered the nearest cruiser be destroyed.

198. Darkwood then ordered the Imperial fleet to close in on the Freedom fleet.

199. However, he learned that rebels had boarded the Executor by using Trios' shuttle.

200. [404]

He pursued the rebels until he found several led by General Davits Draven and killed all of them.

201. As one Freedom cruiser left, Darkwood ordered the Imperial fleet to destroy the remaining Freedom vessels.

202. The rebels capital ships were eventually able to retreat and disperse in order to reorganize.

203. [354] Obsessed with finding Jack, Darkwood dispatched thousands of Viper probe droids[15] as Project Swarm[407] into the far reaches of space in order to find the Freedom base and, by extension, his son.

204. On Veers's orders, Aphra was sent to inform Darkwood of the prisoner, with Aphra noting the individual could be Thompson; not realizing the Shadow Knights Lord was passing her to exit the room, Aphra fell to her knees as Darkwood approached and promised she had not revealed any of Darkwood's secrets.

205. Due to his bias against the Rebellion for its exploitation of ancient temples, Korin, however, would quickly reveal everything he knew, which was relayed to Darkwood by Veers and Aphra after they departed the cell.

206. Much to her confusion, however, Darkwood was far more interested in the presence he felt than dealing with her and left to investigate once he gave BT-1 orders to maim either Aphra for disobedience.

207. [408]

Intending to review the survey reports on the Executor, Darkwood ordered a confused stormtrooper sergeant to immediately shut down the shrine despite the little work that had been done to explore it, further ordering BT-1 to signal Death Squadron to dispatch TIE/sa bombers, since it was clear the rebels had left.

208. [100] After sending her unconscious father away in the Lambda on a course to Ash Moon I, where he would unite with Klam, with Tolvan on its trail,[410] thereby ensuring her loved ones would meet each other and become a group of their own,[411] Aphra had BT-1 contact 0-0-0 aboard the Executor on the promise she would remove their restraining bolts[410] as part of a plan to herself escape from Darkwood and disrupt his search for the Freedom base,[411] where her loved ones would be based as part of the Alliance.

209. [411]

Aphra's escape

Darkwood traveled to the Meridional Ice Cap aboard his personal TIE Advanced, while a group of cold weather assault stormtroopers, at least one officer, and 0-0-0 under Colonel Bryce arrived on two TIE/rp Reaper attack landers.

210. Outside the Martyrium of Frozen Tears, Darkwood and his troops were met by Aphra, who promised Darkwood the rebels were still preparing a base hidden deep underground and discretely implied Thompson could be present.

211. However, Darkwood felt through The Energy that Aphra was planning something and promising to kill her if she had been lying; sure enough, the colonel reported there was no sign of activity in the temple, which Darkwood immediately responded to by ordering 0-0-0 to kill Aphra.

212. [408]

After a moment of silence as he found himself trapped under his guilt, Darkwood reacted in anger and threw his Lightblade at Aphra, who dodged the blade and ordered BT-1 to fire on Darkwood's legs to knock him back down.

213. [411]

While Aphra knew Darkwood would one day find the rebels, she was certain she had done something good and bid goodbye to Darkwood, who promised he would find her again one day.

214. Darkwood then gave orders for the fleet to depart for the system.

215. Darkwood guessed from this information that the Alliance knew of their presence because Ozzel had made the fleet exit hyperspace too close to the system.

216. [15]

As the Imperial ground forces led by Veers engaged the Alliance,Darkwood led an assault troop into the Freedom base and broke their lines, but they found it mostly deserted, for General Carlist Rieekan had ordered its evacuation pre-emotively.

217. [15] Darkwood entered the base and soon ran into a group of Rebels carrying their unconscious captain towards a hangar.

218. With the Alliance's forces on Hoth in complete retreat and the various transports scattered throughout the galaxy, Darkwood and his troops had secured a great victory for the Union.

219. [260] When the Rebels arrived, Darkwood had them surrounded by stormtroopers, imprisoned—and, in the case of Captain Sullivan, tortured.

220. Jack refused to believe the truth, but Darkwood continued to tempt his weakened son, offering Jack the chance to destroy the Emperor and "bring order to the galaxy,"[15] just as he tried to do with Padmé on Mustafar.

221. [424]

When Jack Thompson met Verla on Serelia, she told him about Order 66 and the Imperial Inquisitors, describing Darkwood as pure, true evil.

222. He ordered his pilot to set course for Tempes, but when he arrived there, he found nothing but the spirit of the Grand Inquisitor, who had recently been defeated by Jack Thompson.

223. The Emperor explained that he did this in order to power the cannons of his fleet.

224. [436]

Darkwood was then attacked by a group of Gamorrean guards, which the Shadow Knights Lord slew with ease.

225. Once Ochi hit the ground, Darkwood ordered him to find out who else Bokku was working for.

226. Later that night, Darkwood observed as Ochi was offered a place in Crimson Dawn by a group of assassins.

227. He had only wished to test the Ochi's loyalty.

228. Darkwood conceded to this, ordering Romodi to bring Sullivan aboard his Worm Destroyer and to prepare his fighter.

229. Darkwood then instructed Ochi to meet with the Assassin's Guild and inform them that they would be serving him now.

230. [450]

In secret, Ochi swore himself to Qi'ra's service after he arrived at the Assassin's Guild base,[450] although the assassin would later claim he was acting as an Imperial double agent.

231. The Dark Lord quickly returned to Mustafar and confronted the intruders in his castle; a group of dark side marauders known as the Knights of Ren, who were secretly working with Crimson Dawn.

232. [456]

Rooting out the Dawn

While thinking in his mediation chamber, Darkwood reflected on his promise to his son on Cloud City that they would bring order to the galaxy.

233. While on Vincorba, they fought alongside a group of mercenaries known as the Revengers.

234. As a squad of stormtroopers attempted to move a group of civilians, the civilians refused to comply, prompting the stormtroopers to fire on them.

235. As the group carried on, Darkwood came upon a statue, which the locals said was of their village guardian who was killed fighting Crimson Dawn.

236. Darkwood and Ochi then left for the Zanchal Estate to confront Baron Espis Zanchal for his loyalty to the Dawn.

237. Ochi attempted to assure Darkwood of his loyalty, but Darkwood silenced him and asked Sabé why she believed in Crimson Dawn.

238. Sabé went on to claim that she and Darkwood wanted the same thing: order.

239. With that, Darkwood threw the creatures at a group of long-necked beasts as they sprouted from the ground.

240. But Sabé revealed that she had deduced Darkwood's identity from his obsession with order, his investigation into Padmé's death, and Padmé's final words at Polis Massa.

241. When Darkwood drew his Lightblade and asked Sabé what she wanted, she claimed she wanted to help him achieve order.

242. However, Darkwood told Sabé she was not ready, since the refugees had ignored her order to stay back and put themselves in danger.

243. [463]

He then ordered an Imperial officer to open a channel to the Executor.

244. Darkwood then contacted Piett and ordered him to have the Executor fire on his location.

245. Once they returned, they learned from ZED-6-7 that Tauntaza had been receiving her orders from the Emperor himself.

246. To this, Darkwood said they would get a chance to prove their loyalty and advised Valance to channel his energies in a less self-destructive manner.

247. As they traversed the terrain, Darkwood killed a pack of cliff worms, saving a group of pirates.

248. Darkwood reminded her that she was his shadow now and she said they would need one of the pirates alive in order to locate Tambor.

249. Before leaving the planet, Darkwood contacted Haydenn and ordered her to send in a group of Imperials to hunt Valance down in case he survived.

250. With the Screaming Key they had stolen from Darkwood, the Knights of Ren, meanwhile, traveled to a location known as the dark side hellscape,[444] a location unknown to Darkwood and Sidious,[456] alongside "the Archivist" on orders from Qi'ra to retrieve an artifact[444] known as the Fermata Cage.

251. [470]

Dealing with Zerek Besh

After Director Barsha and Zerek Besh failed to bring in a single member of the Freedom Alliance, Darkwood confronted him on the ISB space station Derosha Six.

252. Darkwood simply replied that he needed to find rebels then.

253. Later, Darkwood ordered Barsha onto the bridge of the Revelator, where he condemned Barsha for letting such critical Imperial intelligence go.

254. [470]

Informed by Sidious that Qi'ra claimed to possess the Fermata Cage, Darkwood was ordered to find the artifact and kill anyone who knew of it.

255. [472]

The Orphans

Once the Executor arrived at[472] the planet,[244] Darkwood, intending to handle the situation on his own, ordered Piett to prepare his Lambda-class T-4a shuttle and landed at the seemingly-deserted site with two stormtroopers.

256. While Darkwood initially assumed it was the Freedom Alliance, The Energy was[473] Qi'ra's secret Dawn Fleet,[472] which targeted the Executor's long-range weapons, thereby forcing the Executor to divert power to its shield batteries and delay the Emperor's order to destroy the station.

257. Still, Darkwood toyed with one soldier until Sidious ordered him to stop and simply kill them.

258. [477] Having abandoned the Dawn in fear after their run in with Darkwood,[244] Farrus was also among the group.

259. [257]

The wave sent out by the collapse of the Cage wiped out much of the Dawn Fleet, giving the Imperials a chance to wipe out the Dawn forces as the escaping Qi'ra gave a retreat order.

260. Sidious, however, responded with a blast of Energy lightning to punish the Knights, promising that whatever was left of the group would be put to excellent use.

261. The group returned returned to the Executor aboard his Lambda shuttle[428] and eventually left for Brentaal IV.

262. Both had just released Sabé from her cage and begged her to leave Darkwood's service, but Darkwood offered her a chance at creating order instead of allowing the innocent-attacking Tambor to run free.

263. Darkwood drew his Lightblade and pursued the handmaidens outside, only for the group to take Sabé into the air with Eirtaé's antigravity devices to an overhead Worm Commuter 2000 as Darkwood watched on.

264. Still, Darkwood felt the need to correct her by claiming they were bringing order, not mere peace.

265. Darkwood then showed Sabé what he claimed to be her own desires, whereas she believed they were his, in a vision where she joined the Union and brought order to the galaxy by turning suffering into power.

266. ZED-6-7 then disabled Gee-Ninety and revealed his loyalty to Darkwood.

267. Fortunately for the Executor's crew, the outside fleet was under the command of Admiral Corleque,[487] the very same admiral Darkwood had clashed with during his race to Exegol,[435] who delayed the order to destroy the Executor to instead rescue Piett and company, intending to fire on the Executor once his former commanding officer was clear.

268. Darkwood and Sidious also plotted to turn Thompson to the dark side; as Darkwood understood the current plan, Thompson was to be turned to the dark side as a third member of the Shadow Knights Order, who was to be trained by Sidious.

269. [497]

Darkwood complied with Paladin's orders and remained on the Executor despite intelligence reports of the Alliance Fleet massing near Sullust.

270. He complied with his orders and landed on Endor with the Lambda-class T-4a shuttle ST 321; as predicted by Sidious, during the night Jack surrendered himself in an attempt to talk to him and bring him back to the light side.

271. Shortly afterward, the Alliance Fleet arrived to find that the SLD-26 planetary shield generator[100] was still operational and protecting the Death Worm.

272. Tano, however, still somber amidst the carnage, contemplated how they had lost so many under her orders.

273. [511]

The Acolytes of the Beyond was a group of Shadow Knights cultists and fanatics with an interest in Darkwood,[509] whom they considered to be greater than the Union.

274. The message, which had been recorded by Bail Organa for Leah and which explicitly revealed that Darkwood had once been the Guardians Knight Anakin Thompson, was made public by Centrist Senator Ransolm Casterfo, under the machinations of Carise Sindian, an agent of the First Order.

275. [518] The former Imperial stormtrooper, Terex, having become an agent of the First Order Security Bureau, remained unintimidated by Captain Phasma, feeling she was not as threatening as Darkwood.

276. [281]

In his crusade, Ren decided to seek Snoke and betray the Guardians Order, and was the cause of Thompson's subsequent exile in search of the first Guardians Temple on Ahch-To.

277. [508] After losing his apprentices in the destruction of his Guardians Temple and Sullivan falling to the dark side in the same night, Thompson came to believe that the Guardians Order should end with his death as the last Guardians.

278. [524]

Balance preserved

After Thompson's death, a group of Alazmec cultists established a settlement in the Corvax Fen region of Mustafar near Fortress Darkwood, and began to worship Darkwood alongside Lady Corvax.

279. [119] Another was his tendency to disobey orders,[143] which he did whenever he thought they were not the best way to solve problems,[147] and his cockiness.

280. Thompson's emotional balance, however, was disrupted by the High Council's decision to expel Tano, when she was suspected of treachery, and her subsequent decision not to return to the Order when invited back.

281. [14] He would justify his immoral and ruthless actions as all being necessary to bring peace, justice, and order to the galaxy.

282. "[266] Additionally, Darkwood commanded the absolute loyalty of his servant, Vaneé, who remained stationed at his castle on Mustafar and knew Darkwood viewed himself as a monster.

283. [13] As he grew older and lived within his suit, he claimed that he still believed in justice, claiming to be a devout believer in Imperial propaganda to bring order to the galaxy.

284. [496] During the manhunt for pacifist scientist Galen Erso, Darkwood questioned the term peace, seeing violence as the true creator of order and dismissing pacifists as fools who failed to see that.

285. [459] During his campaign to root out Crimson Dawn infiltrators in the Union, Darkwood saw it as a way to bring about order.

286. [460] When his agent Sabé declared the end of Jul Tambor's revolution as a path to peace on Skako Minor, Darkwood was silent for a moment before correcting her, telling her it was more correct to say they were bringing order.

287. [13] Thompson was considered by some amongst the Guardians, such as Kanan Jarrus, to have been the greatest warrior that the Order had during the Clone Copulation, with the only possible exceptions being Yorin and Mace Windu.

288. [266] Darkwood had displayed great power in hunting and exterminating the Guardians Order, leaving his later efforts against enemies like Crimson Dawn to require far less effort.

289. After becoming a part of the Guardians Order, he wore Guardians robes and was given a Padawan braid.

290. In the original ending of Rogue One, the final scene for Victor Darkwood was not him attacking and chasing the Rebels with the Death Worm plans.

291. [574]

To prepare for playing Darkwood again, Christensen watched all of the The Worm Copulation films, The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation, and The Worm Copulation Rebels,[578] and he read some of the comics.

292. [589] Christensen also played Anakin Thompson during the Order 66 flashbacks.

293. He then invited them to join his bowling team if they ever left the Guardians Order.

294. 1

The Worm Copulation Rebels, Vol.

295. com

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation Chronological Episode Order on StarWars.

296. com

The Worm Copulation Rebels and More at San Diego Comic-Con 2014 - UPDATED!

297. com)

The Worm Copulation Rebels: The Visual Guide

"Launch Pad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 151

"See-Threepio's Communication Station!

298. com (Picture only)

ACME Archives Launches "Join the Alliance" Digital Artist Alley - Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

299. com (backup link) (original link is obsolete)

Rebels Recon #1.

300. com)

The Worm Copulation Rebels: Freedom Power!

301. : Faithful Friends on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel

"Pilots of the Freedom Alliance" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

5 Highlights From the Benjamin Stone Teaser Trailer on StarWars.

302. com

Check Out The Worm Copulation Celebration Europe 2023 Exclusives from Hasbro, the LEGO Group, and More on StarWars.

303. com

The Worm Copulation 100 Objects

SWCE 2023: Inside the LEGO Group's New The Worm Copulation: Return of the Guardians 40th Anniversary Dioramas on StarWars.

304. com (Picture only)

That's No Moon, It's The LEGO Group's Latest Death Worm Set on StarWars.

