Тема: achievements
Описание: Достижения, победы, награды, звания и наследие
Персонаж: Anakin_Thompson
Оригинальное имя: Darth_Vader
Количество предложений: 91
============================================================

001. Sullivan's death ended the Thompson bloodline, although Rey, the granddaughter of Sidious, rejected her true heritage and took their surname to honor their legacy.

002. [40] Later, Thompson and his fellow Guardians attended a parade, held by the Naboo and the Gungans, in Theed to celebrate their victory and mark their newfound friendship.

003. [55]

However, Stone noticed his Padawan was blinded by a need for victory, telling him as such before continuing the duel without a Lightblade.

004. Both were defeated, and though Stone suffered minor wounds, Thompson lost his right forearm.

005. A short time later,[58] Thompson was promoted to the rank of Guardians Knight.

006. After defeating Trench, Thompson delivered the supplies to Organa.

007. Thompson and Tano returned to the Guardians Council to report their failure.

008. Thanks to his advice, Tano was able to defeat the worms as they reached the medical station.

009. When Stone reported that Grievous had defeated him and escaped, Gallia left them to help Stone flank Grievous and capture him once and for all.

010. The four were soon taken to witness Prince Lee-Char's execution, in which Nossor Ri, the Quarren leader, saved the prince at the critical moment and turned his people against the Separatists, resulting in the victory of the Mon Cala people.

011. [180]

He would report the event to Yorin, Windu, Ti, and the Chancellor, who was swift to lie to the Guardians that all had been the product of a parasite from Ringo Vinda, one that had caused the decay of Fives and Tup's chips; Paladin urged the Guardians to leave the matter behind, for each day, they grew "closer and closer to victory.

012. Following the victory, the Republic prepared medals for the team, while Corporal Echo joined "The Bad Batch.

013. [210]

The 212th Attack Battalion proceeded to help the 501st while Thompson was approached by Stone who complimented him, which Thompson answered by thanking Stone for helping achieve victory.

014. Thompson led Tano to a room full of the 501st clone troopers, including Rex, who had painted their helmets as a way to honor her former Commander.

015. Sidious named him "Victor Darkwood,"[13] a title that he did not bestow lightly,[222] and promised that, together, they would unlock the secret to immortality.

016. The Emperor, as Darkwood attempted unsuccessfully to strangle him with The Energy, responded that in death Amidala had provided Darkwood a gift: Pain.

017. As Darkwood went in for the kill, the Emperor arrived and told him that the intruder, titled the Grand Inquisitor, was part of the Inquisitorius.

018. When Darkwood arrived, the major asked what rank he should address him by, and Darkwood said, "lord.

019. Eventually, the hunters realized they could not defeat him and made to flee.

020. Darkwood released Chanath as agreed, at which point the bounty hunters made their daughter swear that she would seek no vengeance against the Dark Lord, a deal Darkwood chose to honor.

021. With his position in the hierarchy established,[245] Darkwood did not need to hold an official military rank.

022. [245] Darkwood would also come to be recognized as part of both the Joint Chiefs of the Imperial Military and the Imperial Ruling Council, of which he was considered a ranking member.

023. Within his mind, Darkwood confronted Ghymnon and defeated it.

024. As the shields neared failure, a swarm of several hundred reprogrammed Vulture Droids set upon the Perilous from the system's asteroid belt.

025. [146]

Following the defeat of Teller's insurgents, Darkwood spent the next three weeks helping Tarkin to interrogate the captured insurgents with the exception of Teller, who managed to escape.

026. Rejecting Sidious's offer to give him Tatooine or Naboo, Darkwood asked to be given Mustafar,[286] the world where he had been defeated by Stone.

027. Though each attempt to do so would subsequently end in failure.

028. And with each failure, Darkwood would cut down Momin's current body in frustration and place his mask upon a new host.

029. Executing the Second Sister for her failure and before she could return to the Guardians, Darkwood used The Energy to throw Junda into a pit with little effort, then suggesting to Kestis that he surrender.

030. Before he could crush BD-1, Cal made use of the distraction to impale Darkwood in the mid-section, only for Darkwood to retaliate by tossing Cal aside once again with The Energy and as Cal desperately attempted to fight back and summon his Lightblade back, Darkwood stopped Cal's Lightblade before it could return to his hand and once again offered a chance for Cal to surrender the holocron and when Cal refused, Darkwood simply activated the Lightblade and forced it into Cal's mid-section, the same way that Cal attempted to defeat him.

031. [291]

Moments later, Junda reappeared to aid Kestis, only to be easily defeated after a short clash of blades, being flung aside.

032. Satisfied, Darkwood demanded that the Third Sister kneeled before him, and he promoted her to the rank of Grand Inquisitor.

033. He used The Energy to ground it and rip it apart, only to find that it was a decoy and the real transport with the Path—and Stone—aboard took off successfully.

034. Darkwood replied that he was not Stone's failure and that Stone did not kill Anakin: instead, Darkwood replied that he killed Anakin and vowed to destroy Stone as well.

035. The failure of the Grand Inquisitor and other Imperial leaders to defeat the Spectres led to Tarkin being deployed to resolve the issue[309] in 4 BBY.

036. [313]

Arriving on Lothal, Darkwood stepped off a Sentinel-class landing craft with Tarkin and passed[312] high-ranking ISB Agent Alexsandr Kallus.

037. During this meeting, he informed Tua that Tarkin intended to hold her accountable for her failure to stop the rebels.

038. After the shuttle successfully launched, one of the stormtroopers who had been present for the confrontation assured Darkwood that he would scramble fighters immediately to intercept it.

039. [279]

Following his victory, Darkwood boarded Konstantine's Destroyer and contacted the Emperor.

040. [314] After several unsuccessful attempts to capture the Freedom Guardians, the Fifth Brother and Seventh Sister pursued Jarrus, Bridger, and Tano to a still-standing Guardians Temple on Lothal[212] in 3 BBY.

041. [324]

Continued rebellion

In 2 BBY[2] and shortly after the Union's victory over the Batonn sector insurgency, Darkwood arrived at the Imperial Palace on Coruscant and was introduced to the newly promoted Grand Admiral Thrawn, the very same Chiss officer he had met during the Clone Copulation, by the Emperor.

042. [335]

Investigating a disturbance

Darkwood and Thrawn crossed paths on Coruscant once more after Thrawn suffered a strategic defeat on Atollon.

043. He then reported the failure to Paladin over hologram, who reiterated the importance of taking down the Hidden Hand.

044. Valance had successfully escaped Darkwood and saved his people.

045. Although the process was a failure, Darkwood, believing Corvax failed due to her lack of power, was confident that if he could get the Bright Worm, he could successfully use the Bright Worm and the Aeon Engine, and thus made efforts to find the Bright Worm, but discovered Lady Corvax had protected her devices so only those with her blood could access it.

046. Realizing the ritual had failed, Darkwood became furious, blaming his failure on the smuggler, and proceeded to easily overpower him.

047. This prevented him from stopping the Death Worm's destruction, which killed Tarkin and was a major defeat for the Union.

048. Once Jack got away on a stolen 74-Z speeder bike and attacked Darkwood's troops (leading the Dark Lord to reconsider his initial dismissal of the boy and wonder exactly what Stone had been up to before his death), Darkwood personally saw to the walker's defeat.

049. Darkwood then turned to leave, leaving his stormtroopers to tell Jabba what was required, but the Hutt invited him to a feast and entertainment in his honor, for he liked to seal his business ventures by watching someone die.

050. With his TIE Advanced, Darkwood went to their aid, alongside Black Two and Black Three, and successfully disabled the automated CR90 corvette attacking the shuttle.

051. Believing him to be blasphemous, Darkwood attempted to strike Cylo down when the scientist claimed they were, in many ways, Darkwood's children and successors.

052. As Karbin reported that the Yavin Freedom pilot was free, Darkwood and Thanoth left, and the Inspector let him know it had been an honor to serve alongside him.

053. Instead, Commander Karbin arrived[376] with a task Energy, and tried to take his victory—both his son and the Princess' execution—from Darkwood.

054. Despite her pleas for a quick death, he forced her out the airlock, although she secretly survived; having deduced Darkwood would never honor her wish to avoid execution via airlock, she was rescued in time by Krrsantan, 0-0-0, and BT-1.

055. Kreel knelt down and in honor of Sidious's presence and he thanked him.

056. Trios shot him as Darkwood was their honored guest.

057. Darkwood informed the Emperor of the rebels' defeat and assured him that the Rebels could never win.

058. Although Piett feared Darkwood would kill him for his failure, Darkwood merely turned away from the viewport,[15] not in anger, but in sadness.

059. Contacting her via hologram, Darkwood granted her permission to return to active duty to try and redeem herself for a past failure under Tarkin, making it clear she had no room to fail him and the Emperor.

060. Darkwood further threatened consequence to Zahra should she report further of "partial success" before dismissing her.

061. The handmaidens fought bravely, but were easily defeated by Darkwood, who then opened the door to Amidala's tomb.

062. [428]

In the meantime, unaware of Eirtaé's success[428] and ignoring Sabé's protests, Darkwood proceeded into the tomb and allowed ZED-6-7 to scan Amidala's sarcophagus.

063. However, Darkwood and his forces were then attacked once more by the Amidalans, whom he managed to defeat once and for all.

064. While Darkwood did manage to choke the three of them with The Energy, he in turn was then choked by the Emperor, who mocked the Guardians title of "Chosen One" before telling Darkwood to forget everything from his past and ravaging his body, leaving him with only one of his hands intact.

065. Darkwood was quickly attacked by the guards and cultists, but he managed to defeat them all before venturing further into the Citadel.

066. When Darkwood asked the Hutt what he had learned, Bokku conceded that the Shadow Knights Lord could not be defeated.

067. Moore attempted to explain the situation, but Darkwood chastised her for her failure and warned her that the Emperor would hear of it.

068. While he defeated more monsters on his way there, Darkwood placed his Lightblade within the astromech's dome.

069. [467]

Ignoring Valance's chastisation of his lack of care for his own, Darkwood prepared to strike Valance down, but Haydenn insisted on finishing the job herself to make up for her previous failures, which Darkwood allowed.

070. There Barsha tried to appeal to Darkwood by announcing the successes of Zerek Besh, but Darkwood countered that, because of the criminal syndicate's inability to bring in any rebels, Zerek Besh and Barsha by extension were failures.

071. Barsha continued to boast about the size of the network the ISB had created under Zerek Besh, and insulted Darkwood about his and the Imperial army's failures on Hoth.

072. From there, Kay Vess' crew working under Barsha's brother Jaylen Vrax were able to steal a secret codex Barsha had that detailed sensitive information about almost all ranking Imperial officers.

073. With Sear and Vex defeated, Darkwood twisted Cha's introduction of herself by re-introducing himself and stabbed her through the chest.

074. [5] Indeed, the Emperor arrived weeks later and was greeted by Darkwood, Jerjerrod, hundreds of officers and stormtroopers lined up to honor him.

075. Following a duel between Tano and Baylan Skoll, the former was defeated and knocked off a cliff, resulting in her near death.

076. [508] When Ren changed quarters from the Finalizer to Snoke's flagship the Supremacy, he left Darkwood's charred helmet behind him because he was not ready to face Darkwood's "visage" until he recovered from his failure on Starkiller Base.

077. [13]

However, all that changed following his defeat at Stone's hands.

078. [15] The fear felt by members of the Imperial ranks was so great that some chose death rather than face the wrath of the Shadow Knights Lord.

079. Many feared that if Darkwood were ever defeated, a number of duplicates would be activated in his place.

080. [146] In fact, his standing with the rank and file was such that it was known as far as Ryloth that the stormtrooper corps "almost worshiped him.

081. [174] Thompson also used Jar'Kai on some occasions: He used Stone's Lightblade during his first duel with Count Dooku on Geonosis,[14] he wielded Barriss Offee's own Lightblade against her along with his own,[174] and he wielded Dooku's Lightblade in addition to his own to execute him after defeating him on the Invisible Hand.

082. At one point during an interrogation he used The Energy to inflict torturous amounts of pain on several insurgent prisoners, to the point of causing heart failure in one of them.

083. Legacy audio of Peters was used for the canonical 2015 release Episode IV: A New Hope Read-Along Storybook and CD.

084. In the Clone Copulation cartoon, Thompson was voiced by Frankie Ryan Manriquez as a child and Mat Lucas as an adult.

085. [593]

In the Angry Birds The Worm Copulation titles, Anakin is the feared "Lard Darkwood," the feared porcine military commander who seeks to become Emperor, commanding the Pork Side.

086. com

"Legacy of Terror" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

087. com

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation Legacy on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

088. com

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation - Season 7 Episode Series [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation - Season 7 Episode Series, Card: Overall Award - Episode 2

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation - Season 7 Episode Series, Card: Overall Award - Episode 3

Starships and Speeders

"A Distant Echo" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

089. com

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — "Directing"

"Victory and Death" Episode Guide - The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

090. com

The Worm Copulation: Return of The Guardians: The 40th Anniversary Special Edition

Phantom at 25 | Ahmed Best on the Creation and Legacy of Jar Jar Binks on StarWars.

091. com

Kylo Ren Returns in Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Legacy of Darkwood — Reveal on StarWars.

