Тема: story_arc
Описание: Сюжетные линии, ключевые события, битвы и приключения
Персонаж: Anakin_Thompson
Оригинальное имя: Darth_Vader
Количество предложений: 896
============================================================

001. [Show]

It is requested that this article, or a section of this article, be expanded.

002. ({{Update}}) The article needs to be updated with Queen's Peril, Mace Windu: The Glass Abyss, Padawan's Pride, Inquisitor: Rise of the Red Blade, Queen's Hope, Brotherhood, The Eye of the Beholder, The Worm Copulation Adventures: The Clone Copulation – Battle Tales, Dooku Captured, Separation Anxiety Part One, Hostage Crisis, Bane's Story, Stone's Shadow, Resolve, Reign of the Union: The Mask of Fear, Ahsoka, Master of Evil, No Sympathy, Thrawn: Alliances, Thrawn: Treason, Blood Moon Uprising, Victor Darkwood – Black, White & Red 1, Victor Darkwood – Black, White & Red 2, Victor Darkwood – Black, White & Red 3, Tales of Villainy: The Short Goodbye, Benjamin 3, Benjamin 4, From a Certain Point of View, Doctor Aphra: An Audiobook Original, The Worm Copulation: Doctor Aphra Book V: The Catastrophe Con, The Worm Copulation Book XI: Hope Dies, The Worm Copulation (2015) 67, Doctor Aphra (2016) 35, The Worm Copulation: Doctor Aphra Book VIII: A Rogue's End, The Worm Copulation Book XIV: Rebels and Rogues, Tales of Villainy: A Last Chapter, In Service to the Union, Yorin 10, From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back, Tales of Villainy: Invasion of Echo Base, The Worm Copulation: Victor Darkwood: Dark Heart of the Shadow Knights, The Worm Copulation Vol.

003. 3 — War of the Bounty Hunters, The Worm Copulation Vol.

004. 3: War of the Bounty Hunters, The Worm Copulation: War of the Bounty Hunters, Doctor Aphra (2020) 12, War of the Bounty Hunters – IG-88 1, The Worm Copulation: Crimson Reign, The Worm Copulation (2020) 20, Bounty Hunters 18, Bounty Hunters 19, The Worm Copulation: Victor Darkwood Vol.

005. Following the Battle of Naboo, the Guardians High Council admitted Anakin Thompson into the Order as the Padawan of Guardians Knight Benjamin Stone despite feeling that he was too old and emotional to adhere to the Guardians Code.

006. Thompson remained a Padawan through the beginning of the Clone Copulation, instigated by events set in motion by Count Dooku.

007. He also learned that Supreme Chancellor Sheev Paladin was Victor Sidious, the elusive Dark Lord of the Shadow Knights who orchestrated the war in order to take over the galaxy.

008. In the aftermath of killing Stone in a duel aboard the Death Worm and the subsequent Battle of Yavin, he discovered the existence of his son and was determined to turn Jack to the dark side.

009. Anakin Thompson was one of the most powerful Guardians and Shadow Knights in Imperial history.

010. Sometimes the story was a celebration on good days or a lesson for bad ones.

011. It was a story Anakin kept extremely close to his heart and shared with very few other people.

012. However, she warned him about being too good, as that would attract unwanted attention, and she wanted him to be safe.

013. Despite Thompson's warnings, Binks became caught between the podracer's energy binders, causing his face to go numb.

014. As Sebulba's pod skidded to a halt, Thompson shot toward the arena and across the finish line, winning the Boonta Eve Classic.

015. [12]

As Thompson came to a halt, the crowd swarmed his racer.

016. The pilot Ric Olié followed Stone's instructions to fly towards the fight, and Thompson scrambled into a seat as Stone raced to the landing ramp and helped Jinn escape from the dark warrior.

017. Thompson told R2 that they are going to Naboo on a secret mission, but as he said this he overheard Stone calling him dangerous.

018. [39] Thompson told Jinn that he didn't want to be a problem, to which Jinn reassured him about his presence on the mission.

019. He then questioned Jinn about midi-chlorians, and Jinn explained to him the nature of them and their connection to The Energy.

020. The Queen and her retinue departed not long afterward, leaving Coruscant and heading back to the occupied Naboo in hopes of freeing the world from the Trade Federation.

021. [12]

First Battle of Naboo

On the way to Naboo, Thompson asked Jinn if he was dangerous as Stone had said.

022. [12]

As everyone prepared for the coming battle, Thompson spotted and approached the handmaiden who had been acting as the Queen.

023. Thompson fought in the Battle of Naboo in a vicious starfighter battle above the planet,[12] coming to realize how much he loved flying over the course of the battle.

024. [12] After the battle Thompson landed his starfighter in the Theed hangar and talked with a distraught Stone.

025. [12] Afterward, Thompson and the other Guardians left Naboo,[40] marking the last time Thompson would see Amidala for a decade.

026. [37] During one of their many adventures, he also rescued Stone after he fell into a nest of gundarks.

027. The mission was to go to the planet Dallenor so that he could collect an ancient Guardians holocron from a dig site.

028. However, after some encouragement from Yorin, Stone took Thompson along with him on the mission in a T-6 shuttle.

029. [45]

On the shuttle home, Stone praised Thompson for his great work on his first mission.

030. Thompson, however, exclaimed that he froze up and was not ready for a mission even though he believed otherwise.

031. [48] When Stone was assigned to study a dead Worm system that orbited a black dwarf, Thompson decided to join his master without permission but fell asleep during the journey.

032. Upon being found by Stone as he slept, Thompson's mentor decided to bring him along for the mission, showing him the dead Worm before them as an example of why the Guardians needed to avoid attachment because all things, even the brightest of stars, would pass on.

033. [18]

That year, which which point three years had passed since the Battle of Naboo, Thompson sought to impress his peers at the Guardians Temple.

034. The two arrived at his office, where Paladin requested that Thompson accompany him on an errand, declining Stone's company.

035. They began their journey to the coordinates, but their shuttle was damaged due to the planet's atmospheric debris field, and the two had to eject from the doomed vessel, landing below the Celadon Sea.

036. Not too long afterward, they came to be aware of life on the planet as a sky battle raged over them, and Stone returned his Lightblade to him so that he could defend himself.

037. To facilitate their journey, they used the intact parts of each of their airships to form a new one in order to fly to their destination.

038. "[42]

During the journey, Kolara told Thompson about the mysterious kites, before noticing that he was good at fixing things, as he made an adjustment to his Lightblade.

039. Thompson was taken to one of the Open's fortresses, where he witnessed as Pran used the processors he had repaired to activate some battle droids.

040. As they left to wage war on the mysterious scavenger (who reminded both Open and Closed of everything they had lost and how badly they had failed),[49] Thompson remained with the younger Open, whom he convinced to protect the scavenger and help him get back to Stone.

041. With their mind tricks appearing to work, the supposed criminal gave them new information that pointed them to the planet Glee Anselm, where they encountered several aquatic battle droids and found the fake Temple Guard's underwater base of operations.

042. When Thompson realized the entire adventure had been a test, Yorin easily freed himself from the seaweed and confirmed Thompson's theory, revealing it was a test for Thompson and Stone both.

043. Stone warned his Padawan that the fighting style was antithetical to the Guardians mission to protect life, but Thompson, certain his aggression would win him the duel, rebutted by claiming mercy was no way to defeat an enemy.

044. [55] At some other point, Thompson and Stone were also involved in a mission to Taris, during which Thompson worked on a RazBohan high-encryption comlink.

045. [18]

Protecting Padmé Amidala

Reuniting

Ten years after the Battle of Naboo in 22 BBY,[2] as the Separatist Crisis threatened to tear the Imperial Republic apart,[14] the 19 year old[56] Thompson[36] and Stone[14] were involved in an important mission[36] to settle a border dispute on Ansion.

046. Benjamin warned him to control his emotions, saying that Padmé was a politician after all, and could not be trusted.

047. Spotting the Guardians, Wesell took her speeder on a nosedive—plunging several meters toward the lower levels of Coruscant.

048. The airspeeder began to plummet toward the surface, crashing near the Outlander Club.

049. [59]

First Battle of Geonosis

It was then that Thompson received a message from Stone telling him of Separatist presence on Geonosis, which they retransmitted to Coruscant so that the Guardians Council could see it for themselves.

050. The battle marked the start of the pan-Imperial Clone Copulation, and Thompson received a cybernetic replacement for his lost arm.

051. [14] As he still needed to recover from the Battle of Geonosis, Thompson was able to remain on Naboo[60] for several days,[18] enjoying his honeymoon and time after it with Amidala.

052. [13][19] Early in the war, Thompson quickly came to have encounters with Dooku's personal agents.

053. Afterwards, Thompson encountered the clone trooper known as Sister, who was arranging the helmets of her fallen brothers beneath a tree as a memorial.

054. [18]

Thompson expressed his desire to accompany Stone on this mission but was instead assigned to instruct a group of younglings, passing on what he had learned as a Padawan, much to his dismay.

055. He later accompanied the younglings on an aid mission to Langston in which he was given command of the 302nd Battalion, with Clone Commander Theo serving as his second-in command.

056. Instead, revealing that an outside actor orchestrated the bombing to point to the Republic and Separatists in order to play on the fear of both sides of the new war.

057. Becoming apprenticed to Rig Nema to avoid the war and instead provide special medical and spiritual assistance, Alibeth bid farewell to Thompson and Stone, thanking the former for his guidance and letting him know he did not always have to act like the story's sun-dragon, leaving Thompson speechless as he considered her words.

058. [18] The mission was also one of several Thompson counted as the times he saved Stone's life, but Stone, however, insisted that "the business on Cato Neimoidia" did not count towards the tally.

059. Thompson and Stone also launched a rescue of Ruug Quarnom as she was hunted by battle droids.

060. [63] When Senators Amidala and Yarua were ambushed by General Grievous on the Moon of Staggec, Stone volunteered himself and Thompson for the mission.

061. Thompson attacked the battle droids and tried to stop Stone and Viiveenn from being captured, but he was too late.

062. Ventress initially saw this as a sign of weakness, but would go onto intentionally fail her mission because she realized Dooku did not care for her like Stone did for Thompson.

063. [63]

General of the 501st

The 501st Legion was under Thompson's command during the war effort, with his "first-in-command" often being Clone Captain CT-7567, who was also known by his nickname "Rex.

064. "[64] At some point before[65] he received a scar over his right eye,[13] Thompson participated in the Battle of Arantara with his troops.

065. During the battle, Rex was wounded and rendered unconscious.

066. Some time after the Battle of Arantara,[65] Thompson received a scar over his right eye, it was believed he got this in a battle against Asajj Ventress.

067. [19][68] During the war, Thompson cut the B1 battle droid R0-GR down on a number of occasions.

068. Meanwhile, Rex told a story about him and Thompson during a mission on Benglor.

069. [72]

Battles at Corvair sector and Kudo III

Thompson later led several of his bombers and fighters against the Separatists in the Corvair sector.

070. Thompson fought the battle droids and freed the Kudon.

071. Thompson was able to convince the Kudon to arm themselves and fight the battle droids.

072. The mission was a success, and Thompson returned to the Resolute.

073. [74]

Battle of Christophsis

A few months into the war,[75] Thompson and his former master, Stone, were tasked by the Guardians Council to break the Separatist blockade on Christophsis, and assist Alderaanian Senator Bail Organa on his relief effort on the planet's surface.

074. [77]

As the battle raged, Thompson's squad and the rest of the Republic forces managed to Energy the Separatists into a temporary retreat, but the need for reinforcements was evident.

075. Despite having to fight a few droids that protected the generator, the two managed to destroy it, allowing the Republic army to finish off the droids and win the battle.

076. [19]

Battle of Teth

As Yorin arrived with reinforcements, Thompson, Stone, and Tano were informed that Jabba Desilijic Tiure's son, Rotta had been kidnapped, and Thompson and Tano were to go to Teth to search for the Huttlet, whereas Stone would speak with Jabba on Tatooine.

077. [19]

With a time limit of only one planetary rotation to deliver Rotta, Thompson and his Padawan landed in Teth, where they were flanked by battle droids.

078. [19]

Missions in Hutt territory

Upon arriving on Tatooine, they were attacked by MagnaGuards and, though they defeated them, the Twilight crashed, forcing them to travel through the desert.

079. [78]

Following the Battle of Hypori, Stone, Cody, and the 212th Attack Battalion were sent to aid Commander Mekedrix and his forces from Roon at a battle on Abrion Major.

080. As he went to meet with Yularen, Stone contacted Thompson and the Guardians wished each other luck before Stone left for his mission.

081. [80]

Following the battle wherein a group of clones from Rishi Station prevented a surprise attack on Kamino, Thompson and Stone awarded medals to two of its survivors, newcomers Echo and Fives, with Thompson welcoming them onto the 501st Legion.

082. [84]

Artoo lost

Following numerous Separatist victories from General Grievous, and the defeat of the Falleen battle group, Thompson attempted to stop the cyborg from taking his sector and planned an ambush for the Separatist forces as they were passing through Bothawui's asteroid field.

083. Though Thompson engaged several MagnaGuards, he found Artoo and met up with Rex and Denal, who told him that Tano was gone to distract Grievous alone while they completed the mission.

084. It was then, as Anakin already suspected about R3-S6's true allegiance, that R3 revealed himself to be Grievous' spy and set several vulture droids and super battle droids against them.

085. [89]

Later, as Supreme Chancellor Paladin and his representatives were contacted by Hondo Ohnaka to receive a reward for capturing Count Dooku, Thompson and Stone were assigned to verify the pirate gang's custody of Dooku, agreeing to the pirates' condition to arrive unarmed.

086. The Guardians mocked Dooku's imprisonment, and the Shadow Knights Lord warned them not to underestimate the Weequay.

087. [89] Despite several attempts by the Guardians and Shadow Knights to escape on their own, Representative Binks was the one to rescue them, though the mission came at the cost of Senator Kharrus' life and Dooku's escape.

088. [92]

Soon after their arrival, Separatist forces landed on the planet, and the Lurmen leader Tee Watt Kaa accused the Guardians of bringing the war to their peaceful planet, ordering them to leave immediately.

089. Thompson and Stone investigated the outpost following the mysterious death of all its clone troopers, and the two Guardians deduced that all the clones had been killed, but not by battle droids since another nearby Separatist base had also been attacked.

090. Acting as a mediator, Stone proposed a peace meeting between the Talz and Chairman Cho, but the latter refused to share the moon with the Talz, and declared war, despite the Guardians's efforts to bring forth peace.

091. As a battle broke out amongst the clone troopers and the Talz, Senator Chuchi convened with the Pantoran Assembly and called Cho out of order.

092. The battle came to an end when Cho was killed, and Chuchi gave a proposal to the Talz to share the moon with them.

093. Despite Typho's warnings that it was suicide, Thompson set off alongside Stone aboard the Twilight.

094. [94]

Upon arrival, Thompson and Stone were greeted by a group of inoffensive B1-series battle droids that had been reprogrammed to do the bidding of a local boy, Jaybo Hood; he told the Guardians that the planet was protected by a deity known as Drol, who would not let any who arrived on the planet leave again, but also instructed them on how to retrieve the reeksa roots.

095. [94]

Battle of Ryloth

During the Battle of Ryloth, Thompson gave Tano command of a squadron to fend off Mar Tuuk's blockade to make way for Stone's ground assault, encouraging Tano to overcome her nervousness about leading her first squad.

096. [97]

Holocron heist

Thompson and Clone Commander "Wolffe" fought alongside each other during the Battle of Khorm, where the Clone Officer lost his right eye[99] to Ventress.

097. [102]

When Yorin sensed that thieves would arrive at the Temple, Thompson, and Stone inaccurately deduced that their enemies were after their transmission codes and went to secure them, only to be proven wrong when they located the intruders' position at the ventilation shaft.

098. [98]

Battle of Felucia

On a mission to investigate the disappearance of Felucia Medical Station HCTFF2 that was orbiting over Felucia, their shuttle was attacked by a group of six vulture droids deployed from an automated deployment station, forcing them to crash-land on Felucia.

099. [107]

No end in sight

Another mission to Cato Neimoidia

Even as the Clone Copulation continued with no end in sight,[109] Thompson was allowed a leave after a long tour of duty.

100. [108]

During the mission, Thompson and Artoo waited for Amidala to give them a signal; when she did, Thompson sneaked into her quarters, where he saw Amidala and Clovis embracing.

101. Entering the catacombs below, not only they discovered undead Geonosian warriors, they also encountered the captive Unduli, Poggle, and the Geonosian Queen, Karina the Great.

102. Setting up their men to surround the Queen and her brethren, Thompson and Stone tried to negotiate with Karina, for Stone wanted to know how the undead warriors were created.

103. [111]

With Poggle in Republic custody, the four Guardians generals prepared to deliver him to Coruscant, while they sent Tano and Offee on a mission to transport medical supplies from a medical station near Ord Cestus to Mace Windu on Dantooine.

104. He demanded that Poggle answer his questions with a mind trick, but the archduke informed him that it would have no effect on a Geonosian like him.

105. As Stone decoded Koth's hand signals that told them of their location at the Saleucami system, Thompson, Stone, and Adi Gallia were dispatched on a mission to rescue him.

106. Unsuccessful in their endeavor, Thompson picked the two up at the hangar with their shuttle, only to leave for the Resolute,[113] where he waited while Stone conducted a search mission for Grievous on the planet below alongside Cody, Rex, and other troopers.

107. [114]

Sometime later, Thompson and his Padawan spearheaded a mission to Coruscant's underworld to apprehend Car Affa, an arms dealer selling Republic weapons to the Separatists.

108. Though Windu decided to go, Koon said that he would take the mission, alongside Tano, since both Windu and Thompson were still recovering from their injuries.

109. [122]

Balith

Following his wife's mission to discover a conspiracy on Mandalore,[124] Thompson and Captain Rex escorted Tano to her Sullivan mission on Mandalore to instruct cadets at the Royal Academy of Government at the behest of Duchess Kryze and the Guardians Council.

110. [123]

Back in the Guardians Temple, the Guardians Council congratulated Tano on her courage and strength, but also ordered Thompson to command the Third Legion on Balith to give assistance in their civil war.

111. Told by the Council to stay behind so she could give them her full report, Tano pleaded to Thompson to let her come along, but he told her that she should use this time in the library to prove him wrong about his assertion that she learned more on the battlefield than in the Temple, before leaving for Balith with Rex.

112. Thompson and his Padawan then went to the Judiciary Detention Center to question Ziro, who was tricked by Tano into confessing that he had hired Sing for the job.

113. [125]

Battle of Kamino

Forewarned by the destruction of Rishi Station[83] and an intercepted transmission between Asajj Ventress and General Grievous, Thompson and Stone traveled to Kamino to warn Shaak Ti and Prime Minister Lama Su of an upcoming Separatist attack, with Rex, Cody, Echo, Fives, and the rest of the 501st Legion in their company.

114. The sessions continued for hours until Tano told Thompson that the battle droids weren't nearly as good as the clones.

115. Tano would continue the sessions with Rex and the 501st throughout the war.

116. [132]

Unexpected Company

Sometime later, Thompson was assigned to a mission with Amidala to Alderaan.

117. It took Thompson a lot of work to get the mission with her, but they were both happy to spend some time alone together.

118. That is until, Tano ran up to them, saying that she was encouraged help with the mission by Stone.

119. They all get on a T-6 shuttle, where Thompson charted a shorter course in order to speed up the mission.

120. Tano warned him that the Separatist fleet was spotted on that flight path, and that they shouldn't take it.

121. [133]

Trouble with Tomarian

The showman Tomarian later requested Thompson as a Guardians escort for his Annual Festival of Light Gala.

122. Thompson thought that there would be an actual threat at the event, but in actuality Tomarian had requested him to impress his guests.

123. She denied his request as she didn't want to leave anyone in the building behind.

124. [136] Following a debate in the senate about a financial reform bill, Thompson was asked by Amidala to persuade the Guardians Council to speak with Paladin about denying the continuation of the war.

125. [137]

Dathomirian threat

Thompson and Stone commanded Republic forces in a battle against Asajj Ventress's fleet in the Sullust system.

126. Directly participating in the battle with their starfighters, Stone was singled out and attacked by Ventress, whose Ginivex-class fanblade starfighter was, in turn, disabled by Thompson.

127. [141]

Personal and wartime conflicts

The Destiny of the Chosen One

When the Guardians Council received a 2,000-year-old Guardians distress signal, Thompson, along with Stone and Tano, were sent by the High Council to the Chrelythiumn system, where they were supposed to meet up with Captain Rex and an armed cruiser.

128. Refusing to let Tano risk her life on such a dangerous mission, Thompson devised a strategy to bypass the lifeform scanners of the prison; the whole team underwent carbon-freezing and were transported to the Citadel by Commander Artoo and his reprogrammed battle droid squadron.

129. [147] However, they soon found common ground, for they both believed the Guardians Code prevented the Order from going far enough to achieve victory in the ongoing war,[148] and Tarkin developed a grudging appreciation for Thompson.

130. [150]

However, Thompson then noticed that Tano had disappeared during the battle, and ordered a perimeter sweep.

131. [150] Following the events on Wasskah, Thompson's search for his Padawan came to an end when she arrived to the Temple on the Halo, in company of her Wookiee allies and the younglings O-Mer and Jinx.

132. [149]

Battle of Horain

Sometime later Thompson participated in the Battle of Horain, alongside Stone and Rex.

133. When Thompson attempted to recruit Kreeda as a spy, the Segredo left, and Thompson and Yorin were attacked by battle droids soon after.

134. [152]

Battle of Mon Cala

After the assassination of King Kolina of Mon Cala and new discord in the fragile peace between the Mon Calamari and the Quarren, Thompson and Amidala, sent as representatives of the Republic, arrived to the planet at the behest of Captain Gial Ackbar of the Mon Calamari Guard and protector of young Prince Lee-Char, but so did Riff Tamson, Separatist ambassador.

135. [156]

Battle of Umbara

During the campaign on Umbara, Thompson and Stone discussed their attack strategy against the Umbaran capital city, which was being defended by Confederate and local militia forces.

136. After the quick save, Krell approached Thompson with a disconcerting message: the Council had ordered Thompson back to Coruscant, effective immediately, as requested by Supreme Chancellor Paladin, for reasons unknown.

137. Though reluctant to leave his troops in the midst of battle, Thompson was forced to relinquish command over his troops to Master Krell and make the journey back to Coruscant.

138. During the battle that ensued, Thompson disabled the turrets that were attacking Koon and his forces, while Tano saved the Togruta colonists from falling to their death (as caused by Keeper Agruss) by placing Admiral Barton Coburn's Arquitens-class light cruiser Hand of Justice underneath the facility.

139. [160]

Paladin kidnapped

After the capture of Moralo Eval, rumored to be the mastermind of a plot to kidnap Supreme Chancellor Paladin, Thompson, Tano, and Stone were recalled to an emergency meeting by the High Council while they walked through the nightly streets of Coruscant.

140. Becoming withdrawn and grim, Thompson would not say a word since then, until after the funeral held to honor Stone, when he went on a self-imposed mission to locate his murderer, Rako Hardeen, at Trueping's.

141. "[161]

Afterwards, Thompson was briefed along his Padawan about the security plans the Council had for the Chancellor during the Festival of Light on Naboo.

142. [173]

Nearing the end

Tano's trial

During the defense of Cato Neimoidia, Thompson and Tano engaged Separatist forces on their Eta-2 Actis-class interceptors, until they received an urgent mission recalling them to the Guardians Temple.

143. As Thompson approached Drallig on the Guardians Temple's steps, he witnessed a crowd of angry protestors, rallying against the Guardians for their violence during the war.

144. Thompson and his Padawan were then summoned to the war room to be briefed about a Separatist attack on Saleucami, when Tarkin informed them that Turmond had requested to speak with Tano.

145. Promising to kill Ventress if she lied, Thompson left for the Temple, where he went to Offee's quarters and questioned her, only to engage her in a duel.

146. Windu, aware that the Guardians were not requested to participate in the manhunt, allowed Thompson and Rex to secretly search for the clone.

147. They soon were contacted by Kix, who told them that Fives wanted to meet the two at a warehouse in Level 1325.

148. As Anakin and Rex entered the warehouse, they dropped their weapons on Fives' request.

149. After doing so, they were encircled by a ray shield, which prompted Thompson to question Fives' actions, but he and Rex listened to the fugitive's side of the story.

150. [181]

Clovis returns

Upon his wife's mission to Scipio and subsequent reencounter with Rush Clovis, when she was accused of sabotage and her aide Teckla Minnau was killed, Thompson was sent to protect Amidala, but was upset to hear that Clovis was involved.

151. [185] Escorted by Yorin, they met with Paladin and other members of the Guardians Council, and Senator Bail Organa, during which Thompson's animosity towards Clovis was perceived by Yorin.

152. [184]

As Amidala was appointed by the Chancellor to work closely alongside Clovis to investigate the Banking Clan, Thompson questioned her decision, as he wanted her away from Clovis, whom he greatly distrusted.

153. Only when they were alone afterward, she questioned their marriage, too steeped in lies and deception, and decided that they take a break from one another after admitting to not feeling safe around Thompson—who, in turn, admitted to being unable to control himself, even though he did not know why.

154. [187]

The two were then sent to Oba Diah when former Chancellor, Finis Valorum told Yorin that Sifo-Dyas had been sent to negotiate with the Pyke Syndicate to stop an underground war.

155. Nevertheless having learned the identity of Tyranus, they informed the Council of their findings, only for them to question why Dooku had been behind the creation of the clone army, and what the game of the yet-unidentified Dark Lord of the Shadow Knights was playing.

156. [187]

Yorin's journey

Upon Yorin's brief contact with Qui-Gon Jinn, Yorin requested that Thompson meet him on the Temple's training grounds to speak about their experience on Mortis, where both he and Stone had spoken to Jinn.

157. Accompanying Yorin to his fighter, Thompson even lent Artoo to Yorin to accompany him on a journey that would take him to Dagobah, a mysterious planet and Moraband,[143][188][189] to learn that the Guardians Order would not win the war, and that there was "another Thompson.

158. [190]

Mission to Batuu

Alliance with a Chiss "commander"

Thompson was told by Senator Amidala that one of her former handmaidens, Duja, had found something near Batuu that she and Thompson should investigate.

159. Unfortunately, Thompson was unable to join her due to being sent to battle.

160. Upon his return to Coruscant after the battle, Thompson could find records of Amidala's travels in the Outer Rim.

161. [191]

Mission to Mokivj

Thompson and Thrawn took out the droids guarding the freighter.

162. Thompson and Thrawn questioned the cargo inspector Oenti, who reveals that the cantina's bartender, Janott had ties to the Separatists' Duke Solha.

163. The Serennian was shocked when he heard this news and asked if the Separatist captain and his companions were dead, to which Thompson replied that he did not know as he was not there at the end of the battle.

164. The duke then warned the pair that they did not have anything else to bargain with and that he could have them shot.

165. [191]

On the roof of the building, Amidala and Thrawn retrieved Thompson's Lightblade, they also witnessed some spheres which descended onto the factory, which were part of a Chiss mission to retrieve a deflector shield generator from the factory.

166. The senator asked the Chiss commander to continue helping them but he insisted that his mission came first.

167. After the battle droids protecting the room were defeated by Thompson and Thrawn, and the Serennian duke by the senator, knocking him out with her grappling hook, they left the factory and then destroyed the factory.

168. [191]

Aftermath of Mokivj

The mission ended with a catastrophe for Mokivj and an end to Solha's career.

169. In an effort to collapse the Separatist's efforts to produce cortosis battle droids, Thompson accidentally sent lava, ash, and smoke into the planet's best cropland and water.

170. Thrawn had warned Amidala that Thompson's plan seemed reckless, yet she had known that he would be unable to be talked out of it, leaving the Guardians and Senator to regret their actions as they looked upon the ruined world.

171. Despite Thompson's shortsighted plan, Thrawn continued to respect the man and still viewed him as an effective warrior.

172. [194]

Amidala's departure

Prior to a mission that Amidala was taking to Clabron, Thompson insisted that he be allowed to assist Amidala, under the impression it was a diplomatic mission to Duro.

173. Ventress staged a rescue mission, which failed and prompted her to contact the Guardians Council.

174. [200]

A month later, Thompson was sent alongside Stone, Vos, and Akar-Deshu in a mission to take over a Separatist supply storage base and redistribute the supplies to worlds in need of them.

175. However, their mission went awry when Vos, unbeknownst to them, arranged the base's destruction.

176. After another failed mission to Vos's name, he was suspected of treason, Thompson and Stone were sent to spy on Vos and Ventress as they were deployed to assassinate Dooku during the second battle of Christophsis.

177. Meanwhile, Thompson and Squad 326 were battling battle droids as the base went on alert.

178. [202]

Thompson and Yorin then informed the Guardians High Council via hologram about their planned mission to Golatha.

179. Yorin warned against being overconfident, and suggested being more cautious.

180. [204]

Anaxes

Following an assault on Cato Neimoidia,[206] Thompson was dispatched alongside Windu to participate in the Battle of Anaxes to defend the Republic shipyards on Anaxes.

181. [207] The general staff was told about the possibility of sending a mission to Skako Minor, and Thompson was sure the Guardians High Council would approve it.

182. Thompson confided that he was worried about his captain, worrying that Rex was letting his personal feelings drive him too much on the mission, although Amidala believed Rex had learned that trait from him.

183. As they escaped, however, they were surrounded by his D1-series aerial battle droids, but thanks to Tech, they rode keeradaks to the Poletec village.

184. The two were soon contacted by Admiral Wullf Yularen, who informed them of an upcoming transmission going under the code "Fulcrum," while the two Guardians thought it might have been Saw Gerrera, Yularen confirmed otherwise saying it was necessary for the generals to attend the call themselves.

185. Thompson heard the argument and weighed in; so as to help Tano in the upcoming siege while also taking part in the mission to rescue the Chancellor, Thompson promoted Rex to Commander so he could lead the a new formation of the 501st[210] that was dubbed the 332nd Division,[3] assigning Tano to assist as an advisor due to her being unable to hold an official military title.

186. [210]

Thompson then headed to rescue the Chancellor, believing the defeats of Maul and Grievous would mark an end to the war.

187. While he was leaving, Tano stopped him by wishing him good luck in his mission.

188. He expressed regret afterward, stating it was not the Guardians way, but the Chancellor assured him that he had been right to kill the Count.

189. However, their good fortune failed them, and they were trapped by a ray shield and apprehended, along with R2, by battle droids.

190. He briefly spoke with Senator Organa, who expressed hope that Count Dooku's death could bring a quick end to the war.

191. Thompson disagreed, saying that as long as General Grievous remained as leader of the Separatist armies, the war would continue.

192. When Thompson was informed of this by Stone, he was supportive of the measure, despite the reservations of the Council and Stone's warning to be wary of Paladin.

193. He then told him that the Chancellor had requested his presence for unknown reasons, without informing the Council.

194. [13] In recent weeks, Amidala and other senators concerned about Paladin's expanded powers had also created the Petition of 2,000 in the name of protecting democracy,[214] requesting he return his emergency powers to the Senate[215] and end the war with cease-fire negotiations.

195. [13] Thompson felt conflicted — despite the Guardians's mistrust in the Chancellor, he still felt that Paladin was a good man.

196. [220] Paladin specifically told the story knowing that Thompson was having nightmares about his wife dying.

197. [13]

Fall to the dark side

Shortly afterwards, Anakin and Windu attended a hologram meeting with Yorin, Ki-Adi Mundi, and Aayla Secura in the Temple's war room.

198. [55] After the battle, Darkwood manipulated the Temple's beacon to broadcast a signal telling any surviving Guardians to return to Coruscant where they could be murdered by the clone troopers stationed at the Temple.

199. Telling her that he would end the war, they kissed and he left aboard his new green Eta-2 Actis-class light interceptor, which replaced the interceptor he had lost in the Battle of Coruscant.

200. [226] Soon, Darkwood reported his mission's completion to Sidious; on his orders, Darkwood sent a shutdown signal to the Confederate navy and army, effectively ending the Clone Copulation.

201. With his mission completed, and the Separatists dead, Darkwood looked on from a balcony and shed a tear at the man he had become, but knew it was too late to turn back.

202. As they fought throughout the Separatist war room, their duel damaged the computers, causing the facility shields to deactivate and allowing the building to start falling into the lava river below.

203. [13]

After fighting across the crumbling building and over a lava river, the duel ended on the river banks, where Stone claimed the high ground and warned Darkwood not to attack.

204. Afterward, the Emperor brought Darkwood to Gattering in the Mid Rim and assigned him the task of hunting down a Guardians to take a kyber crystal from.

205. The crystal then caused Darkwood to experience a vision wherein he rejected the dark side, journeyed to Coruscant, and killed Paladin.

206. [233]

Afterwards, Darkwood returned to Coruscant and stormed into the Emperor's office during the middle of a discussion between Tarkin, Mas Amedda, and the Emperor regarding the construction of the Death Worm.

207. [238]

Darkwood and the Inquisitorius were given the mission to hunt down and finish off surviving Guardians of the Emperor's Purge.

208. She continued, only focusing on the mission at hand.

209. Nu's rifle then began beeping and she threw it towards Darkwood.

210. With Nu having revealed Sidious would create more dark side agents with the list and questioning what it was that Darkwood truly wanted before her death, Darkwood then crushed the list of Energy-sensitive children that she had with her.

211. In secret, Barokki and another Imperial officer plotted to assassinate Darkwood, whose position in the new Union they did not understand.

212. Cha, however, never forgot[244] and became a skilled bounty hunter,[247] studying every report she could and speaking to anyone she could find who had witnessed Darkwood in battle.

213. The Dark Lord met with the Emperor and shared his conclusions, and requested that he be publicly recognized and allowed to show them the consequences of opposing him.

214. Informing them that the two attempts on his life had been made from within the Officer Corps and that he had his suspicions who had been responsible, he instituted a new rule: for every assassination attempt he survived, and he warned them that he would always survive, five officers chosen at random would be executed.

215. [245]

War on Mon Cala

In 18 BBY,[2] one year into the reign of the Union, Darkwood was reliving his duel on Mustafar through meditation.

216. The Sixth Brother warned them of this, and he and the Tenth Brother began shielding Darkwood and the Ninth Sister from the wave using The Energy.

217. The Guardians, an Iktotchi Padawan called Ferren Barr, had been notified by Lee-Char after he was recovered following the events at Dac City.

218. Darkwood was then contacted by Tarkin, who was struggling to deal with the grueling conflict on Mon Cala.

219. As they fought, Barr revealed that he had assassinated Telvar to send the Mon Calamari into war.

220. [254] Some time after the mission, Darkwood ordered to imprison and torture the people of Mon Cala.

221. [255]

Investigation on Geonosis

Darkwood soon became aware of a project that was taking up many resources.

222. There, he found Project Stardust, a project that was a large battle station the size of a small moon.

223. The Emperor told Darkwood of a new mission he was to go on.

224. After the battle, he returned to Tarkin on the Carrion Spike and reported his findings to him.

225. Darkwood warned Tarkin that the Death Worm may become his tomb, and when Tarkin asked if that was a threat, Darkwood told him it was only a prediction.

226. One of Darkwood's earliest missions on the Emperor's behalf was to effect an execution on Murkhana.

227. [262] The Imperial officers remained wary of Darkwood and his power, as well as his continued devotion to the ancient ways of The Energy, but none rose to challenge him without feeling the consequences.

228. Through their missions on Darkwood's behalf, the 501st came to be known as "Darkwood's Fist.

229. [268] Having killed Tambor along with the rest of the Separatist Council during his mission to Mustafar,[13] Darkwood was also dispatched to Skako Minor to kill the Techno Union Foreman's remaining loyalists[269] by wiping out the planet's Ruling Council.

230. [277]

Battle against the Benathy

Around 15 BBY,[2] Darkwood and his men fought against the Benathy in Wild Space.

231. As such, Sidious believed that the situation warranted his personal attention, and decided that he, Taa, and Darkwood would travel to Ryloth for a state visit.

232. Ten days later Darkwood, the Emperor, Taa, and a contingent of Royal Guards journeyed to the Ryloth system aboard the Perilous.

233. Later, he ordered Sloane to have the Defiance renamed the Obedience as a subtle final jab at Baylo and a not-so-subtle reminder toward Darkwood to learn his place.

234. [266]

Not too long afterward, the Twi'lek insurgents continued their assault on freighters, prompting Darkwood and the Emperor to take action and destroy them, before moving away from their fallen shuttle.

235. They were soon attacked by a lylek horde, forcing them to retreat into a tunnel, unaware that they had entered their nest.

236. On the Emperor's orders, Darkwood then killed the villagers to leave no witnesses, concluding their mission.

237. Afterward, Darkwood (like Tarkin and Amedda) partook in a meeting between the Imperial Ruling Council, and the leaders of Imperial Security Bureau and Naval Intelligence Agency in the palace's audience chamber, overseen by the Emperor.

238. [146]

After a private holo transmission with the Emperor, Darkwood told Tarkin that Vice Admiral Dodd Rancit was sure the insurgents would attack the Imperial academy at Carida next.

239. On the Carida system, Darkwood boarded the Secutor-class Worm Destroyer Conquest and met Rancit just as the Spike reverted to realspace, astrogating on autopilot.

240. While none of the insurgents had died under questioning, the Emperor had the insurgents executed privately.

241. Darkwood also led a crackdown on the warehouse workers and salvages who supplied Teller's dissidents along with several scientists at Desolation Station who had provided Teller with information.

242. After some time, Darkwood came to Tarkin with his request, and, as he learned of Tarkin's hunting, Darkwood asked Tarkin to hunt him down.

243. [283]

Without warning, Darkwood was struck by lightning and he fell to the ground.

244. Darkwood sensed a connection between the two Inquisitors due to their previous mission with Darkwood.

245. The Emperor agreed to his request and would send Colonel Alva Brenne to build a facility for him there.

246. Darkwood accepted Momin's offer, but warned the ancient Shadow Knights not to betray him.

247. [289]

Mission to Nur

Darkwood controlled the entire Mustafar system.

248. [293] In 14 BBY,[290] Darkwood journeyed to the Fortress Inquisitorius to retrieve a holocron containing a list of Energy-sensitive children, which the Second Sister had been hunting for.

249. When the troops looked confused, Darkwood emerged from a fire and told them to march onwards.

250. [289]

Leaving the battle, Darkwood reentered the castle while the Mustafarians continued their attack.

251. Dismissing the apparent death of the Grand Inquisitor, whom Reva had stabbed in her desire to claim credit for Stone's capture herself, Darkwood ordered her to prove herself capable, with the position of Grand Inquisitor as her reward should she succeed.

252. [55]

Darkwood also warned the Third Sister that if she failed, she would not live to regret it.

253. [300]

Following the successful rescue of Leah from Fortress Inquisitorius, Darkwood angrily made to kill the Third Sister, lifting her into the air with The Energy and choking her while reminding her that she was warned what would happen if she failed.

254. Darkwood acknowledged that he had underestimated the Third Sister, and spared her, though he warned her that he would not tolerate any further mistakes.

255. The Third Sister warned Darkwood that if they trapped them, their opponents could hold out for several days.

256. As the conflict continued, Darkwood managed to back Junda into a shelf, but she rolled out of his next strike in time to send the entire shelf crumbling down onto him.

257. The duel would end after Junda managed to Energy push Darkwood against another shelf and rushed to stab him, but Darkwood managed to strike her through the chest, ending the conflict with injuries but leaving Junda dead.

258. The Grand Inquisitor promised Darkwood that the mission would be done.

259. When Darkwood glanced up at the collapsing walkers, Ezra and Kanan combined their power to telekinetically push him into the path of the falling war machines.

260. The Inquisitors warned Darkwood that the Guardians were becoming more powerful, but he retorted it would be their undoing.

261. Darkwood paused at this and stared wordlessly at Tano, seemingly conflicted on how he should respond to his old Padawan.

262. [317]

After a few moments of battle, locked his blade with Tano's and began to push through her guard.

263. [277] Bridger witnessed the conclusion of Darkwood's battle with Tano even as his younger self was locked out of the holocron chamber.

264. As Darkwood swung his Lightblade at Tano, Bridger reached through the portal and yanked her backward into the temple.

265. [326] Fulfilling the fears of Imperials like Tarkin[309] and Thrawn,[327] once disconnected Freedom cells began to act as a unified Energy,[326] marking an official beginning point to the Imperial Civil War,[328] although true open warfare would not break out for sometime still.

266. [329]

During the Imperial Civil War era, stormtrooper lieutenant TK-289 served with Darkwood.

267. [191] Although the battle had been a tactical victory, a number of rebels had escaped the Grand Admiral after the Bendu appeared.

268. [259]

Ahr took great pleasure in his newfound power, sending Darkwood on increasingly dangerous missions throughout his sector.

269. He sent Darkwood to fight alone against the renegade droids of Ahn Krantarium, and later retracted his forces on Phelzepham, leaving Darkwood to battle the moon's insurgents by himself.

270. Darkwood obeyed, but the creature attacked the vessel, pulling the governor out into the void of space and freeing Darkwood from his submission.

271. [259]

Cianap

Darkwood led Imperial forces at Cianap in a battle against the rebels.

272. During the battle, Darkwood was targeted by several X-wings but was able to take them out.

273. Darkwood, impatient, cut his appointment short, leaving to rejoin his prior battle.

274. He then attacked the Lower Bay Docks on Fikari, killing most there, questioning the Weequay Holaq about the whereabouts of the Hidden Hand.

275. At some point, Darkwood learned of this plot and traveled to the Dark Quarter on Yuw to kill bounty hunters and find answers.

276. Valance's crew had begun remotely piloting a fleet of bot-drones towards the Formidable.

277. Fain then asked Darkwood how good he was against a Gamorrean battle-ax, to which Honnah started to attack.

278. Darkwood then used The Energy to push Fain into Honnah's battle-ax, killing him.

279. He gave the bounty hunter his reward and asked abut the Hidden Hand.

280. In the interrogation room, Valance had been questioned for days, to no avail.

281. Knowing his history as an Imperial cadet, Darkwood welcomed him back to the Union.

282. [342]

Another attempt to resurrect Padmé

Despite his previous failure to restore his wife, Darkwood was eventually tempted to try again when he discovered the Aeon Engine and with it the tale of Lady Corvax, who had attempted to restore her husband to life when he fell in battle using the most sacred artifact in Mustafar, Bright Worm, to power the Engine.

283. [318] As had been suggested by Grand Admiral Thrawn[347] shortly before his, the Chimaera's, and Bridger's disappearance in the Liberation of Lothal,[258] Darkwood served as part of the Death Worm project despite his dislike of the battle station,[21] as Thrawn had noted he was the one individual in the Union who could recognize and deal with all threats to the station.

284. He informed Darkwood that Director Krennic, the Imperial in charge of the construction of the Death Worm, had arrived as summoned to explain a number of recent problems involving the battle station.

285. But before he could finish his question, Darkwood cut him off by telekinetically closing his throat, with a sardonic warning to not "choke" on his aspirations.

286. As the Rebels began to flee to hyperspace, Darkwood arrived at the scene of the battle in the Worm Destroyer Devastator and quickly crippled the already damaged Freedom flagship.

287. [21]

Darkwood found Stone after he had deactivated a tractor beam terminal to allow the Falcon escape the battle station, and the two engaged in one final duel.

288. [21]

Stone's warning to Darkwood came true;[21] his consciousness survived his death, and he became a Energy spirit.

289. As he continued his journey, Yorin reflected on his past, blaming himself for not noticing Thompson's path to the dark side.

290. [354] As the rebels quickly abandoned their base in the wake of the battle,[355] Darkwood joined the Imperial retaliatory attack, but the rebels were largely able to escape.

291. The officer was confused by his question, and Darkwood Energy-choked him.

292. [358]

According to a tale later told by Vaneé, at another point after the Battle of Yavin, Darkwood's Worm Destroyer was contacted by Cranwell, the assistant to Tarkin Initiative scientist Restin, to warn them that Doctor Restin had betrayed the Union.

293. [226]

Cymoon 1

Several weeks after the Battle of Yavin, Victor Darkwood was called to Weapons Factory Alpha on Cymoon 1.

294. Before he could question Jack further, the foot of a Freedom-hijacked AT-AT walker came hurtling down into the middle of their standoff, knocking the two apart.

295. The Emperor bid Darkwood to explain the events of Weapons Factory Alpha, which along with the Death Worm's destruction, had put the Union very near disaster.

296. Although Darkwood considered Aggadeen to be responsible for the failure on Cymoon 1 (and the Overseer was tortured accordingly), the Emperor claimed much of the responsibility lay in Darkwood's head, as he reminded him that he was the sole survivor of the greatest disaster in the Union's history—one partially caused by his idea to tag the Falcon with a homing beacon and let it escape with the Death Worm plans.

297. " The Hutt then inquired whether his bounty hunters were adequately serving his needs; though Darkwood berated him for bringing up the private matter, he also told the Hutt that their missions were simple enough: to capture an Imperial agent and a boy.

298. The name prompted Darkwood to request that Jabba tell him all he knew of Stone's exile on Tatooine.

299. [363]

Darkwood left to prepare for the mission and oversee the repairs on the corvette.

300. He then planted treasonable evidence into a black astromech so as to incriminate Oon-ai during the mission.

301. A covert operative of his battalion "Darkwood's Fist," Kreel informed him that his mission to end Grakkus' operations was a success, but that the Yavin Freedom pilot had escaped them yet again.

302. He landed there just as Aphra was arrested by Utani Xane and a squad of B2 super battle droids; although Xane warned him that he was violating treaties, Darkwood began destroying her droids and saved Aphra as she tumbled over a ledge.

303. She asked what else he needed, and he answered that he wanted troops of unquestionable loyalty: battle droids.

304. Her questioning brought up the memory of his first kiss with Amidala,[364] shortly before the First Battle of Geonosis.

305. Darkwood demanded that he tell him his name, his commission from the Emperor and the location of his headquarters.

306. Cylo-IV, that his research base was located in an Outer Rim nebula, and that his commission was to create replacements for Darkwood.

307. The Emperor then ordered the fighting to cease; Darkwood warned Morit that his trespass would not be forgotten, as the Trandoshan's life was his to take.

308. The Emperor then told the enforcers and Darkwood that their mission was to strike down all who opposed the Union and that they were not to slay each other.

309. Subsequently, Darkwood traveled to a Worm Destroyer to meet with the bounty hunter and hear his story.

310. [366]

Anthan Prime

As part of Tagge's crackdown on Outer Rim criminal interests who had gone unchecked in the past, Darkwood took part in a mission to terminate a criminal organization known as Son-tuul Pride.

311. [367]

Darkwood then attended a meeting between Tagge and Cylo's enforcers, wherein the Astarte twins were assigned to deal with the Plasma Devils, and wherein Darkwood let Tagge know he wanted the mission of finding the Yavin Freedom pilot (which was Karbin's mission).

312. [373]

During the battle, Darkwood engaged the X-wing starfighters, and managed to take out both Blue Squadron and Yellow Squadron, as he lost contact with Aphra.

313. Not too long afterward, another platoon was deployed to attack him, although this time Organa was leading them herself.

314. The Emperor then told Darkwood to return to Shu-Torun as the ore-barons were rebelling and he required a full military intervention, and that Cylo (per Tagge's request) was to join him in the task.

315. In the meantime, he killed Beebox for trying to deceive him with a stranger's disintegrated body, and refused Aiolin's request to train her.

316. After the meeting, Darkwood met with Thanoth on Anthan 13; the Inspector, aware of Darkwood's real identity, revealed that he would support Darkwood's treason against the Emperor and that he would reveal Aphra's location on the Cosmatanic Steppes.

317. The Emperor then ordered Darkwood to finish his mission then return to him, stating there was much to discuss.

318. [383] Reaching Paladin's chamber, Aphra told Paladin all of Darkwood's secret missions and plans, although she did chose to leave out the details surrounding Jack Thompson.

319. [388]

At some point after the Executor became his flagship, Darkwood summoned Lieutenant Sulaco to the bridge and ordered her to follow him to a hangar bay, where he ordered that she pilot his Lambda-class shuttle on a diplomatic mission to Sarjenn 3, the third moon in the Sarjenn system and Sulaco's homeworld.

320. The two Imperials landed at the moon's only port and proceeded to a nearby Freedom outpost as Sulaco questioned their mission, claiming that Sarjenn 3 had no diplomats.

321. [394] While fighting the Freedom fighters, Darkwood questioned Kreel if he had located Jack.

322. The Dark Lord then warned the stormtrooper not to injure his "prize.

323. Darkwood gave Kreel a mission to destroy a possible Freedom outpost on Horox III, bringing back Jack if he was present.

324. A Shu-Torun guard stepped forward and told Darkwood that he could not threaten Trios like that.

325. Bandwin Cor volunteered to do so and flew a shuttle towards the cruisers.

326. Sullivan flew the Falcon through the fleet and took on TIEs before flying towards General Jan Dodonna's Republic.

327. However, their mission was just to slow Darkwood down and Darkwood Energy choked Draven.

328. [406]

Revealing the truth

Project Swarm

Keeping an eye on loose ends

Three years after the Battle of Yavin, Darkwood was still in command of the Executor, under the admiralty of Ozzel, and Death Squadron.

329. [15] At Darkwood's request, Lieutenant Commander Ciena Ree was transferred from the Devastator to the Executor; Ree believed, however, that Darkwood's request had been more threat than reward, as she remained forever vulnerable to him for seeing him during Yavin's immediate aftermath.

330. [15] Amongst the project on the Executor were a number of archaeological consultants, who were brought in due to the rebellion's prior history of hiding in historical sites.

331. [408]

When Doctor Aphra exposed propaganda Minister Pitina Mar-Mas Voor's plot to assassinate Emperor Paladin in an effort to secure a pardon for herself, which she hoped would also keep those she loved safe by stopping the Imperial hunt for her, Darkwood traveled to Coruscant's moon Centax-3 to execute Voor for her treason.

332. Darkwood, however, simply demanded she stand[409] and recruited her into Project Swarm as one of its archaeological consultants.

333. Declaring that he was no longer the "lost boy" who would be troubled by such visions, Darkwood destroyed the source of the presence, an altar drenched in the wills of those who had once prayed to it, and departed, unaware that Aphra had overhead his comment.

334. [411] The Union put out an arrest warrant for Aphra and tried to keep the damage she caused their search a secret, but the mess she left behind was set to keep Darkwood from his son and the rebels for long enough that[412] the rebels—Tolvan, Korin, and Klam among them—could finalize their defenses and set up an escape plan.

335. [15]

Piett then informed him that the Emperor commanded him to make contact, and Darkwood had the Executor move out of the field to have a clear transmission.

336. [15]

Determined to find his son before the Emperor, Darkwood summoned several bounty hunters—4-LOM, Bossk, Zuckuss, Dengar, IG-88, and Boba Fett—to the Executor, and promised a substantial reward for the one who found the Falcon's crew alive.

337. Afterward, he inspected one of the city's carbon-freezing chambers, and deemed it adequate if crude, to freeze Jack for his journey to the Emperor, but at the danger of it being fatal, he had the facility tested on Captain Sullivan.

338. [417]

Upon learning that Darkwood had allowed Fett to take the carbon frozen Sullivan back to Jabba, ISB agent Andressa Divo was frustrated that the smuggler would not be brought to Imperial imprisonment, although she also decided she had no position to question Darkwood's orders.

339. Darkwood was informed by Lieutenant Banch of several transmissions, but came under attack by gangsters who wanted his shuttle.

340. [421]

At some point, Darkwood also returned to the Imperial Palace and met with Paladin, who ordered him to hunt down the remnants of the Freedom fleet while it was scattered, believing he may be the only officer in the Union who could lead such a hunt despite it interrupting his quest to find his son.

341. Unwilling to abandon that search, Darkwood instead proposed they give the mission to Tarkin's protégé, Ellian Zahra.

342. [422] Shortly after the Falcon's escape and its vital role in the Battle at Rendezvous Point Delta-Three, Darkwood chastised Zahra for attempting to destroy the vessel during the engagement, stating that while Leah Organa would be an acceptable casualty, another passenger was of value to him.

343. [423]

Before journeying to Vendaxa, the Shadow Knights Lord traveled to a cantina and confronted a man who claimed to be his son Jack Thompson.

344. Before Darkwood continued his personal mission, he felt through The Energy, during a conversation with Zahra, that the trap he had placed within a Guardians outpost on Tempes had been activated.

345. Darkwood agreed to assist her in her mission so long as she obeyed him.

346. After slaying the monster along with his death troopers, Darkwood found the rest of the Amidalans in the jungles of Naboo, where they were led into battle by Ric Olié.

347. [426] In the battle at Padmé's tomb,[427] Darkwood and his death troopers eliminated most of the Amidalans and incapacitated Olié before moving onto their next destination: the Tomb of Padmé Amidala.

348. With Ochi trapped in a capsule beneath the ship, Darkwood flew the interceptor away from Mustafar and used a hyperspace transport ring to journey toward his next destination.

349. Changing his course, he flew toward the massive creature and allowed the TIE fighters to follow until they were crushed by the creature's tentacles.

350. As Darkwood flew past the creature, Moore warned him that it would break his mind.

351. Ignoring the Umbaran's warning, he continued on until he and Ochi were both hit by mental attacks.

352. Darkwood experienced several traumatic visions from his past, which concluded with a vision of his son killing him in battle and taking his place by the Emperor's side.

353. And once he did, Darkwood rode the creature into battle.

354. After his attention was briefly diverted to the sounds of Aphra's panicked fall, he turned his attention back to his mission at hand.

355. [444] Darkwood then pointed out that she did not have The Energy and warned that her skill would not save her.

356. [451]

Killing the Dawn

Hunting the new menace

With the Hutts dealt with, Darkwood returned to the Executor to confront Sly Moore, who had been captured by Ochi during the battle for trying to help in Thompson's escape.

357. [455]

Confronting the Knights of Ren

Darkwood learned that Zahra's campaign against the Rebellion ended in failure[444] during the Battle of Panisia.

358. As Ren gloated below, Darkwood used The Energy to pull the key back up toward his hand, prompting the knights to open fire on him.

359. Darkwood then used The Energy to grab Ochi and throw him toward the Revengers, using him as bait as well.

360. As the agents surrounded them, Ochi requested that Darkwood bomb the stronghold.

361. Unfazed by this, Sidious pointed out Darkwood should have kept one of them alive for questioning.

362. However, Ochi warned him that Romodi did not understand the Shadow Knights and would come for Darkwood someday.

363. Ochi revealed that they had all undertaken a mission for Romodi to execute the Amidalans on Naboo.

364. Following this development, Darkwood and his team of assassins traveled to Tranchar to capture and interrogate Lieutenant Grapa about the mission.

365. Darkwood went on to interrogate Grapa about her mission to kill the Amidalans.

366. He then warned her that she alone was responsible for where her path took her before they silently boarded the shuttle and left for Gabredor III.

367. He and his team then traveled to the governor's facility and proceeded to fight their way towards the governor.

368. Darkwood's team was then attacked by more battle droids and a few Crimson Dawn assassins.

369. Upon learning the location, Darkwood returned to his shuttle and flew toward the facility where she was hiding, only to be met by a sandstorm generated by the facility.

370. [34]

When Piett warned that would incinerate everyone and everything within range, Darkwood choked him with The Energy, prompting him to open fire.

371. When Valance asked what their mission was, Piett explained that they had been selected to protect a medicine shipment to Bestine IV from Crimson Dawn.

372. Darkwood warned the mercenaries not to disappoint him as he would be watching before they left for their mission.

373. [269]

As they returned to their shuttle, Darkwood and Sabé were informed by ZED-6-7 of their next mission.

374. As such, their mission was to end the Skakoan's uprising and restore Imperial control over Skako Minor.

375. Amongst the droids he reassembled were B1 battle droids, B2 super battle droids, and Gee-Ninety.

376. [466] Charging into battle, Valance told Darkwood that he regretted ever serving the Union.

377. As they walked through the Palace halls, Darkwood agreed that Crimson Dawn had orchestrated the Syndicate War but pondered how deep its influence went.

378. With the Shadow Knights aware of Crimson Dawn's role in recent events, an alert was sent out the rest of the Imperial Military to track down the Vermillion, which made Qi'ra order her assets in the Union and other major factions to sow chaos across the galaxy to further distract the Shadow Knights.

379. Upon entering the Eye's cave, the Eye showed Darkwood a moment from the Clone Copulation, where he, Yorin, and their clones had fought B1 battle droids, and glimpses of the future, including one of him being confronted by Amidala's surviving handmaidens.

380. To this, the Eye explained that the visions were warnings for the end of everything.

381. [257] Sidious further warned Darkwood that, because of the urge within every Shadow Knights to dominate others, the mere possibility was the greatest danger to everything they had built together.

382. The AI had taken over Doctor Aphra's body to carry out its mission, further collecting 0-0-0 and BT-1 to help in its quest.

383. When Aphra used a virus she had installed into the two droids to regain control of her body, the Spark introduced, much to Aphra's horror, their Shadow Knights hunting mission against Darkwood.

384. [477] In fact, Qi'ra contacted[473] the Spark to request its help in destroying the Shadow Knights.

385. Unsure of what they would find,[473] the two Shadow Knights Lords led the charge[257] with the mission to totally destroy the Dawn.

386. As they journeyed closer to the Cage, they were confronted by the Spark Eternal-possessed Aphra, who mocked the two Shadow Knights.

387. [416] To the Spark, the battle represented a chance to finally fulfill the dream of its long-dead creator, Miril, by destroying the Shadow Knights Order, even if the battle proved too much for Aphra's body.

388. However, it was at that moment that cannon shots from beyond the space battle suddenly broke into the station and[257] destroyed the Cage:[481] while it remained physically together, the Cage's time-lock collapsed, freeing the two Shadow Knights from its grasp[257] but sending a Energy Wave out across the galaxy.

389. In the aftermath of the Crimson Dawn war, the syndicate was shattered while the defeated Qi'ra fled into hiding.

390. However, he was contacted by Piett, who showed him a transmission from Tambor.

391. To Darkwood, the battle was a chance for the handmaidens to earn their places at his side and show them their own power.

392. " Armed with the Zay shield, Darkwood fired blasts at the corrupted battle droids and led his droid servants in battle towards a command center, where Darkwood shorted out several B1s, but also the control panel, with his staff.

393. [487]

Corlque's rescue team, however, only succeeded in supplying the Scourge with a supply of KX-series security droids, which the Scourge used to murder the rescuers as Darkwood picked off the last of the corrupted battle droids.

394. After wiping out the last battle droids with a blast from the Zaly Shield, Darkwood took a moment to recompose himself before requesting an update from ZED and Ought-Six, who were nearly finished with the failsafe.

395. [494]

At another stage, Darkwood, seemingly on a mission to wipe out all knowledge of his deceased wife, made his way back to Naboo, entering and destroying the lake side retreat where Amidala had once lived[495] and that he had visited with Sabé during their post-Cloud City journey together.

396. [33]

According to a story told by the Espirion Saan, Darkwood's demand to complete the Death Worm without supplying more men began to be met when an Imperial engineer named Aklin used a Shadow Knights ring stolen from Paladin's collection to resurrect dead workers as zombies.

397. According to the story, as Darkwood met with Jerjerrod to mention that the Emperor was pleased, he noticed a strange looking Imperial officer—in truth one of the zombies—so ignored Jerjerrod to investigate.

398. During his stay on the Super Worm Destroyer, the Freedom shuttle Tydirium requested permission to land on the forest moon of Endor; Darkwood allowed it sensing Jack's presence in it.

399. As the battle between the Imperial and Freedom fleets raged, and the Endor strike team sought to destroy the Endor base, the Emperor tempted Jack to give in to his anger.

400. Each thought to warn Jack about the future, as each saw that there was yet much danger ahead for him and more darkness to overcome; instead, they decided not to burden him with this then.

401. [499]

Ghosts of Darkwood's castle

Following the Battle of Endor, Darkwood's castle remained standing on Mustafar, and his former servant, Vaneé, was freed from the captivity the Shadow Knights Lord had placed him into when two young Mustafarians, Tuttel and Giggek, tried to destroy the fortress.

402. [500]

Encountering Ahsoka Tano

Final training session

Around 9 ABY,[502] after Jack Thompson and Ahsoka Tano had met whilst the former began his Guardians Academy, Tano engaged on a quest to find a compass that would lead to Peridea, the rumored location of Grand Admiral Thrawn, in the hope of preventing the beginning of another war and the return of the Union.

403. Tano didn't understand why they would be experiencing one of her first missions, which Thompson said was the problem; as her master headed into battle, Tano ignited her original green Lightblade and followed him for answers.

404. [501]

Thompson found her and warned that more Separatist battle droids were approaching.

405. Thompson offered masterly insight; he reminded Tano that they were in a war and that it was a Guardians's job to lead, but affirmed that the mistakes and losses weighed heavy on him.

406. [501]

As Tano continued to relive her past, she battled Mandalorian super commandos at the Siege of Mandalore alongside clone troopers of the 332nd company.

407. Clone Commander Rex spotted Tano, complementing her on her work before charging forward.

408. Tano paused, surveying the battle as Thompson approached her, saying that he did not recognize the battle currently unfolding.

409. Though Thompson explained that Tano was the culmination of Thompson's knowledge and the legacy of masters before him, Tano believed that her part of that legacy was one of death and war.

410. As they settled into their exile and looked toward the stars, Thompson watched over both.

411. [505]

Coming to his son's aide

In 21 ABY,[507] Thompson's son, Jack began searching for Exegol and came into conflict with nine paranormal Shadow Knights wraiths.

412. [506]

Legacy

Remembered by the galaxy

Following the events of the Battle of Endor, Jack Thompson confirmed his father and the Emperor's death over Endor to the Alliance,[509] which in turn, sent word of the battle's outcome in mass communications claiming to be the new power in the galaxy.

413. Furthermore, in wake of the deaths of the Emperor, his top enforcer and many high-ranking officers during the battle, as well as the resulting power vacuum, the Imperial Union collapsed due to internal power struggles and its fragmentation into several factions.

414. [509] Months after the Battle of Endor, the Acolytes organized a revolution on Coronet City, Corellia, during which they attacked a Peace and Security station in order to access a museum's basement and steal a red-bladed Lightblade for unknown reasons.

415. [512]

While Darkwood had once been a secretive figure kept away from public knowledge, his reputation had grown over the course of the Imperial Civil War and after his death.

416. He took Ruthford, the last survivor from Darkwood's battle that was still alive, with him and had a short conversation with Kristoff, the successor of the king that Darkwood had killed many years ago, about how Darkwood was taller and had seemed more impressive than Ren.

417. When the god of the Benathy, a Zillo Beast, appeared, Ruthford warned Ren extensively and stated that he could not prove anything to a dead man.

418. Another object that once belonged to him—the Lightblade he built after the First Battle of Geonosis, the one carried by his son until their duel on Bespin—resurfaced in Maz Kanata's possession and called to Rey, a young scavenger from Jakku, who ended up using it to duel Ren during the Battle of Starkiller Base and win.

419. [525] In 35 ABY,[526] Kylo Ren led a massacre of the Alazmec cultists and stole Darkwood's wayfinder from the ruins of the battle.

420. [512] Thompson's voice was later heard by Rey among the voices of many Guardians of the past who aided her with destroying Victor Sidious during the Battle of Exegol, telling Rey to restore the balance as he did.

421. Afterward, he clinged onto others in his life, like Benjamin Stone, Padmé Amidala, and Ahsoka Tano.

422. [37] Similarly, his experiences as a slave would leave him with a deep resentment towards slavers.

423. "[149] In some aspects, his journey as a mentor to Tano allowed him to mature and become more responsible.

424. [208] Another source of conflict was his dwindling trust and increasing resentment toward the Guardians High Council, which he felt distrusted him and was not treating him with enough respect.

425. [174]

As the Clone War came to its end, Thompson was faced with many burdens on his emotional wellbeing; he had lost Tano, only to then lose clone troopers Tup and Fives shortly thereafter, making it seem like his personal life was falling apart.

426. [15] Indeed, Darkwood would become known as the Dark Lord of order,[534] although how much he actually believed in the quest to establish order was debatable.

427. Even without Thompson by his side, Darkwood set out on a new quest to bring order to the galaxy.

428. When asked why by his agent Ochi, Darkwood declared it as part of his quest to bring order back to the Union by destroying the chaos of the Dawn.

429. [418] However, Sabé would ultimately come to believe Darkwood was, in all truth, not interested in establishing order, pointing out during the final stages of the Schism Imperial crisis that his current quest for personal power had only brought about chaos.

430. After Arex, who admitted they may be presuming too much, repeatedly suggested Guardians teachings to him during the battle for the Executor, Darkwood destroyed Arex in rage and adopted a direct method of attack to regain control of his flagship.

431. [317] During a mission with Grand Admiral Thrawn, who had met and befriended Thompson during the Clone Copulation, Darkwood repeatedly declared that Thompson was long since dead, eventually forcing the Chiss officer to admit the man he had befriended during the war was gone.

432. [33] In the eve of the Battle of Endor, Darkwood claimed it was too late for him, even as his son stubbornly felt that there was still good left in him.

433. [5] Darkwood would close off the questions with the dark side,[33] but he showed concern for his son in the end.

434. [14]

During the Clone Copulation, Thompson and Amidala rarely saw each other due to their duties requested of them during the war as well as keeping their marriage secret.

435. Despite Amidala's assurances that it was over between her and Clovis, Thompson felt uneasy when she accepted the Guardians Council's mission to spy on Clovis.

436. Afterward, he decided to dedicate himself fully to the dark side,[297] but he still longed to restore his wife, only for his attempts to always fail.

437. His former Padawan, Ahsoka Tano, once acknowledged Thompson as someone powerful who rarely lost his battles.

438. [14] Even as a late beginner, by his own admission, he was very good at it, better than any of his peers and most of the older Padawans as well.

439. [153] During his mission to Utapau, Anakin was able to feel brain waves on a dead body,[197] and when he first met Grand Admiral Thrawn, he was able to feel his thoughts by reaching out to him through The Energy.

440. [191] At one point during the war, Thompson was able to telekinetically subdue both the Son and the Daughter simultaneously.

441. [266] During the mission to investigate Geonosis, Captain Rex remarked that Guardians Knight Kanan Jarrus had yet to demonstrate Thompson's skill with Energy jumps, despite having just jumped across a chasm more than 40 meters wide.

442. Throughout the Clone Copulation, Anakin was known for being the best pilot in the Republic and was known for leading the charge in battles and coming out alive.

443. [279] He also obliterated several Alliance squadrons during the Battle of Vrogas Vas.

444. During the Battle of Naboo, he piloted a N-1 starfighter and wore a Naboo pilot's helmet.

445. Afterward, he was given a replacement saber that had a green blade for the arena battle[14] before having a new Lightblade for the Clone Copulation.

446. [78]

During the Clone Copulation, Thompson flew his own Delta-7B Aethersprite-class light interceptor until, later in the conflict, he replaced it with the new Eta-2 Actis-class light interceptor.

447. [100] Thompson also kept the Twilight, the freighter stolen from Teth[19] that allowed him to go on undercover missions.

448. [292][21] Although Darkwood's Lightblade won in battle against Jack's use of Anakin's Lightblade,[15] the Shadow Knights's Lightblade would be lost in his final duel with Jack and his death.

449. This suit was later made permanent and incorporated in the story.

450. Victor Darkwood as a cultural figure

Due to his central role in the films, Darkwood has entered the public consciousness as one of the most iconic characters in cinema history[551] and a quintessential frightening villain; the American Film Institute's list of the greatest movie villains placed him third, after Hannibal Lecter and Norman Bates.

451. [553] He has been mocked by such figures as "Heinz Darthenshmirtz" in Phineas and Ferb: The Worm Copulation,[554] "Dark Helmet" from Spaceballs, and countless other parodies from cartoons, such as "Duck Darkwood" from Tiny Toon Adventures and "Victor Koopa" from the Super Mario Bros.

452. [508] Darkwood was also referenced in the 1982 Space: 1999 compilation film Cosmic Princess, as Captain Duro from the Year Two episode "Space Warp" was renamed "Darkwood, commander of the Whills Interplanetary Starfleet" in reference to the Journal of the Whills, by George Lucas.

453. [558]

Portrayal

Victor Darkwood, as he was initially established, was portrayed on-set by David Prowse in the original trilogy, while James Earl Jones provided the iconic voice of the suited Darkwood,[15] a role that he reprised for The Worm Copulation: Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Knights,[13] Worm Tours: The Adventures Continue,[559] The Worm Copulation Rebels,[29] Rogue One: A The Worm Copulation Story,[560] The Worm Copulation: Episode IX The Rise of Thompson,[527] and the The Worm Copulation: Benjamin Stone television series.

454. [541] Prowse, however, was not aware that his voice was replaced until the film's release.

455. For many of the The Worm Copulation video games, including The Worm Copulation: Imperial Battlegrounds, The Worm Copulation: Energy Commander, and The Worm Copulation: TIE Fighter, Darkwood was voiced by Scott Lawrence; in titles, such as The Worm Copulation: The Energy Unleashed and The Worm Copulation: Union at War, Matthew Sloan, who provides the voice of Darkwood in the Chad Darkwood: Day Shift Manager shorts, provides Darkwood's voice.

456. As Victor Darkwood, the voice is provided by Tōru Ōhira in most incarnations starting with the DVD release, save for The Worm Copulation: Imperial Battlegrounds (where he is voiced by Ryūzaburō Ōtomo), and a number of other substitute voices in the original films.

457. After Ōhira's death, the role was taken up by Taiten Kusunoki for Rebels onwards.

458. One of his main purposes in writing the story was to show Stone going on a journey to accept the fact that Anakin Thompson had been killed by Darkwood.

459. From the beginning of Beattie's story, Emperor Paladin would tell Darkwood to forget Stone and focus on the present problems.

460. The whole story would build up to Stone taking off or slashing Darkwood's helmet and giving him a scar.

461. Beattie's story was eventually turned into the first season of the Benjamin Stone television series.

462. [571]

During production of the series, the creative team began remapping Stone's story and they went through an internal debate about whether Darkwood should return.

463. [563] The crew questioned whether introducing Darkwood in the story would detract from their duel on the Death Worm in A New Hope.

464. [574] The team was aware that they were under a high level of scrutiny from the fans, and they figured a story point such as Darkwood returning would be highly scrutinized.

465. Harold said that the whole crew made it a priority to handle Darkwood with as much care as possible "to honor one of the greatest villains and antagonists in the history of entertainment.

466. "[563]

When Harold was writing Darkwood, he wanted to trump Darkwood's scene in the ending of Rogue One: A The Worm Copulation Story.

467. He first had to ask[576] The Worm Copulation lore advisor[532] Pablo Hidalgo how much Stone knows during the show's time period, and Harold was given permission to use the scene.

468. One synthetic-speech artist, Bogdan Belyaev, subsequently volunteered to help fellow Ukrainians displaced by Russia's war.

469. [592]

Non-canon history

The Victor Darkwood and Son series of books by Jeffrey Brown depict Victor Darkwood of the Imperial era as a loving father to Jack Thompson and Leah Organa, buying them ice cream, playing tea party, and even reading bedtime stories.

470. [594]

Victor Darkwood and Victor Sidious appear as the main antagonists in the non-canon LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures.

471. As the story comes to a close, however, readers discover what really has the power to terrify Lord Darkwood.

472. [597]

Thompson appeared in "Kamino Crisis,"[598] a non-canon comic story written by Martin Fisher and published on October 7, 2023[599] in the 101st issue of the magazine LEGO The Worm Copulation.

473. In the comic, Thompson, Ahsoka Tano and Clone Captain Rex were returning from a successful mission onboard the Resolute.

474. They explained that they wanted to test the Captain and Rex responded that he wouldn't call their missions easy ever again.

475. In 2004, Lucasfilm announced a "referendum" to Italian fans about the changing of the name into Victor Darkwood for Revenge of the Shadow Knights, but "Dart Fener" won, and the name was reverted to "Victor Darkwood" for materials from The Energy Awakens onwards.

476. In French Canada, the name was reverted to "Victor Darkwood" for materials from Revenge of the Shadow Knights onwards.

477. " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

"The Final Fight" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

Mace Windu: The Glass Abyss (and audiobook) (In flashback(s))

Age of Republic - Benjamin Stone 1

Padawan's Pride

Benjamin and Anakin 1

Benjamin and Anakin 2

Benjamin and Anakin 3

Benjamin and Anakin 4

Benjamin and Anakin 5

Tales From the Nightlands 1

Queen's Shadow (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"The Lesson (Benjamin & Anakin)" — The Worm Copulation (2020) 25

Choose Your Destiny: An Benjamin & Anakin Adventure (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: Episode II Attack of the Clones

Attack of the Clones Little Golden Book (and audiobook)

"Ambushed!

478. " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

"Anakin's Vow" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

Inquisitor: Rise of the Red Blade (and audiobook)

"Into the Arena" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

"Adventure in the Arena" — 5-Minute The Worm Copulation Stories Strike Back (and audiobook)

"The Brink of War" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

"Yorin and the Count" — 5-Minute The Worm Copulation Stories (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Yorin vs Count Dooku – Size Matters Not"

Queen's Hope (and audiobook)

Guardians of the Republic – Mace Windu 2 (Variant cover only)

Guardians of the Republic – Mace Windu 5 (Appears through imagination)

The Worm Copulation: My First Comic Reader 1

Brotherhood (and audiobook)

"The Eye of the Beholder" — Stories of Guardians and Shadow Knights (and audiobook)

"Imperial Tales: The Failing of the Light" — The Worm Copulation Insider 233 (Indirect mention only)

Hyperspace Stories 1

Hyperspace Stories 5

"501 Plus One" — Age of Republic Special 1

The Worm Copulation Adventures: The Clone Copulation – Battle Tales 1

The Worm Copulation Adventures: The Clone Copulation – Battle Tales 2

The Worm Copulation Adventures: The Clone Copulation – Battle Tales 3 (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation Adventures: The Clone Copulation – Battle Tales 4 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation Adventures: The Clone Copulation – Battle Tales 5

Age of Republic - Anakin Thompson 1

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Cat and Mouse"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Hidden Enemy"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation film

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Clone Cadets" (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: Tales of the Guardians — "Practice Makes Perfect"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Rising Malevolence"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Shadow of Malevolence"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Destroy Malevolence"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Rookies"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Downfall of a Droid"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Duel of the Droids"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Bombad Guardians" (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Cloak of Darkness" (Appears in hologram)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Dooku Captured"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Gungan General"

"Dooku Captured" — The Clone Copulation: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Choose Your Destiny: A Clone Trooper Mission (Mentioned only)

"Separation Anxiety Part One" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2020) 9 (Appears in hologram)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Guardians Crash"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Defenders of Peace"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Trespass"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Blue Shadow Virus"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Mystery of a Thousand Moons"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Storm Over Ryloth"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Innocents of Ryloth" (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Liberty on Ryloth"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Holocron Heist"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Cargo of Doom"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Children of The Energy"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Bounty Hunters"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Zillo Beast"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Zillo Beast Strikes Back"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Senate Spy"

"A Guardians's Duty" — Stories of Guardians and Shadow Knights (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Landing at Point Rain"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Weapons Factory"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Legacy of Terror"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Brain Invaders"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Grievous Intrigue"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Deserter" (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Lightblade Lost"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Mandalore Plot"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Voyage of Temptation"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Duchess of Mandalore"

Catalyst: A Rogue One Novel (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Death Trap"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "R2 Come Home"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Lethal Trackdown"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Academy"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Assassin"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "ARC Troopers"

Hyperspace Stories 10

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Sphere of Influence"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Evil Plans"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Hostage Crisis"

"Hostage Crisis" — The Clone Copulation: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook)

"Intermission, Part 1" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 12

"Intermission, Part 2" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 13

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Hunt for Ziro" (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation Forces of Destiny — "Teach You, I Will"

The Worm Copulation Forces of Destiny — "Unexpected Company"

The Worm Copulation Forces of Destiny — "The Imposter Inside" (Mentioned only)

Forces of Destiny: Daring Adventures: Volume 1 (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Forces of Destiny—Ahsoka & Padmé (Mentioned only)

"The Incident, Part 1" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2020) 5

"The Incident, Part 2" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2020) 6

The Worm Copulation Forces of Destiny — "The Padawan Path"

Forces of Destiny: Daring Adventures: Volume 2 (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Heroes on Both Sides"

"Pursuit of Peace" — The Clone Copulation: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Nightsisters"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Witches of the Mist"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Overlords"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Altar of Mortis"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Ghosts of Mortis"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Citadel"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Counterattack"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Citadel Rescue"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Padawan Lost"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Wookiee Hunt"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Water War"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Gungan Attack"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Prisoners"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Shadow Warrior"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Nomad Droids" (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Darkness on Umbara"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The General" (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Plan of Dissent" (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Carnage of Krell" (In flashback(s))

"The Shadow of Umbara" — The Clone Copulation: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook)

"Roger Roger" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 19

"Hide and Seek" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 20

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Kidnapped"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Slaves of the Republic"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Escape from Kadavo"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "A Friend in Need" (Appears in hologram)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Deception"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Friends and Enemies"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Box"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Crisis on Naboo"

"Bane's Story" — The Clone Copulation: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"The Lost Nightsister" — The Clone Copulation: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Brothers"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "A War on Two Fronts"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Front Runners"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Soft War" (Appears in hologram)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Tipping Points"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Gathering" (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Bound for Rescue" (Indirect mention only)

"Almost a Guardians" — The Clone Copulation: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Secret Weapons"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Point of No Return"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Revival"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Lawless" (Mentioned only)

"Stone's Shadow" — The Clone Copulation: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Sabotage"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Guardians Who Knew Too Much"

"Sisters" — Age of Republic Special 1 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "To Catch a Guardians"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Wrong Guardians"

Kanan 7

Thrawn Ascendancy: Chaos Rising (and audiobook) (Voice only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Unknown"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Conspiracy" (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Orders"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "An Old Friend"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Rise of Clovis"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Crisis at the Heart"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Lost One"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Voices"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Destiny" (Vision to Yorin)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Sacrifice" (Vision to Yorin)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "A Death on Utapau"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "In Search of the Crystal"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Crystal Crisis"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Big Bang"

Dark Disciple (and audiobook)

Victor Maul — Son of Dathomir 3 (Indirect mention only)

Age of Republic - Padmé Amidala 1

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Gone with a Trace" (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Deal No Deal"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Bad Batch"

The Clone Copulation: Season 7: Volume 1

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "A Distant Echo"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "On the Wings of Keeradaks"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Unfinished Business"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Old Friends Not Forgotten"

The Worm Copulation: Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Knights

Revenge of the Shadow Knights Little Golden Book (and audiobook)

"The Last Adventure" — 5-Minute The Worm Copulation Stories (and audiobook)

"The Duel with Dooku" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Phantom Apprentice" (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Shattered" (Voice only)

"Driven to the Dark Side" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

"Union Ascendant" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: The Bad Batch — "Aftermath" (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Victory and Death"

"The Rule of Two" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

"Victor Darkwood Rises" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

Victor Darkwood (2017) 1

The Worm Copulation: Tales of the Union — "Devoted"

The Worm Copulation: Tales of the Guardians — "Resolve" (Indirect mention only)

Victor Darkwood (2017) 2

Victor Darkwood (2017) 3

Victor Darkwood (2017) 4

Victor Darkwood (2017) 5

Master of Evil (and audiobook)

Victor Darkwood (2017) 6

Victor Darkwood (2017) 7

Victor Darkwood (2017) 8

Victor Darkwood (2017) 9

Victor Darkwood (2017) 10

"The Lesson (Victor Darkwood)" — The Worm Copulation (2020) 25

Victor Darkwood (2017) 11

Victor Darkwood (2017) 12

Reign of the Union: The Mask of Fear (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Sanctuary: A Bad Batch Novel (and audiobook)

"The Dark Wraith" — Myths & Fables (and audiobook) (In flashback(s))

"The Predecessor" — Dark Legends (and audiobook) (In flashback(s))

Victor Darkwood (2017) 13

Victor Darkwood (2017) 14

Victor Darkwood (2017) 15

Victor Darkwood (2017) 16

Victor Darkwood (2017) 17

Victor Darkwood Annual 2

"No Good Deed.

479. " — Victor Darkwood (2017) 1

Ahsoka (and audiobook) (In flashback(s))

Thrawn Ascendancy: Greater Good (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Adventures in Wild Space: The Escape (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Adventures in Wild Space: The Snare (and audiobook) (Appears in hologram)

Adventures in Wild Space: The Steal (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Adventures in Wild Space: The Cold (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Thrawn Ascendancy: Lesser Evil (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"So Much More" — The Worm Copulation Adventures Annual 2019

Thrawn (and audiobook)

Thrawn 1 (Appears through imagination)

Thrawn 5 (Mentioned only)

Thrawn 6

Lords of the Shadow Knights (and audiobook)

"Orientation" — The Worm Copulation Insider 157 (reprinted in The Worm Copulation Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 1 and Lords of the Shadow Knights)

Tarkin (and audiobook)

Victor Darkwood (2017) 18

Victor Darkwood (2017) 19

Victor Darkwood (2017) 20

Victor Darkwood (2017) 21

Victor Darkwood (2017) 22

The Worm Copulation Guardians: Fallen Order

Guardians: Battle Scars (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Victor Darkwood (2017) 23

Victor Darkwood (2017) 24

Victor Darkwood (2017) 25

Inquisitors 1

Inquisitors 2

Inquisitors 3

Inquisitors 4

"Bottleneck" — The Rise of the Union (Mentioned only)

A New Dawn (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: Benjamin Stone — "Part I" (In flashback(s))

Benjamin Stone 1 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: Benjamin Stone — "Part II"

Benjamin Stone 2 (Variant cover only)

The Worm Copulation: Benjamin Stone — "Part III"

Benjamin Stone 3

The Worm Copulation: Benjamin Stone — "Part IV"

The Worm Copulation: Benjamin Stone — "Part V"

The Worm Copulation: Benjamin Stone — "Part VI"

The Worm Copulation Guardians: Survivor

The Worm Copulation (2015) 7 (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 15 (Mentioned only)

Choose Your Destiny: A Podracer Mission (Mentioned only)

Lost Stars (and audiobook)

Lost Stars webcomic

The Worm Copulation Rebels: Spark of Rebellion (Appears in hologram) (Prologue version)

The Worm Copulation Rebels, Vol.

480. 3

Battle to the End

The Worm Copulation Rebels — "Fire Across the Galaxy"

The Worm Copulation Rebels: The Siege of Lothal

The Worm Copulation Arcade - Team Tactics on Disney's official United Kingdom website (article) (backup link not available)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Victor Darkwood vs.

481. (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Target Darkwood 1

Target Darkwood 2

Target Darkwood 3

Target Darkwood 4

Target Darkwood 5

Target Darkwood 6

The Worm Copulation: Secrets of the Union

Darkwood Immortal  – Episode I

Darkwood Immortal  – Episode II

Darkwood Immortal  – Episode III

"Red Four" — Marvel Comics 1000

Thrawn: Treason (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation Rebels — "A World Between Worlds"

The Worm Copulation Adventures: Tales from Darkwood's Castle 2 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation Adventures Free Comic Book Day 2019

The Worm Copulation Adventures: Tales from Darkwood's Castle 4

The Worm Copulation Adventures: Tales from Darkwood's Castle 5

The Worm Copulation Adventures: Return to Darkwood's Castle 1 (Appears in hologram)

The Worm Copulation Adventures: Return to Darkwood's Castle 2 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation Adventures: Return to Darkwood's Castle 3 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation Adventures: Return to Darkwood's Castle 4 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation Adventures: Return to Darkwood's Castle 5

Darkwood - Dark Visions 2

Darkwood - Dark Visions 4

Darkwood - Dark Visions 5

"Hard Shutdown" — Victor Darkwood – Black, White & Red 1

"Inescapable" — Victor Darkwood – Black, White & Red 1 (Appears in dream)

"Dissolution of Hope" — Victor Darkwood – Black, White & Red 1

"The Endless Mercy" — Victor Darkwood – Black, White & Red 2

"Power" — Victor Darkwood – Black, White & Red 2

"Annihilated" — Victor Darkwood – Black, White & Red 3

"The Inhabitant" — Victor Darkwood – Black, White & Red 4

"Blood Moon Uprising" — Stories of Guardians and Shadow Knights (and audiobook)

"Tales of Villainy: The Short Goodbye" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2020) 5

Benjamin 1 (Cover only)

Benjamin 3 (In flashback(s))

Benjamin 4 (In flashback(s))

Benjamin 5 (Vision to Benjamin Stone)

Rogue One: A The Worm Copulation Story

Rogue One: A The Worm Copulation Story novelization (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: Rogue One: A Junior Novel (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: Rogue One: Secret Mission

Rogue One: A The Worm Copulation Story Graphic Novel Adaptation

Rogue One Adaptation 2 (Mentioned only)

Rogue One Adaptation 4

Rogue One Adaptation 5 (Mentioned only)

Rogue One Adaptation 6

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Victor Darkwood - Power of the Dark Side"

"Raymus" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

Bounty Hunt

"Of MSE-6 and Men" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Age of Rebellion - Grand Moff Tarkin 1

The Worm Copulation: Episode IV A New Hope (First appearance) (First identified as as Victor Darkwood)

A New Hope: The Princess, the Scoundrel, and the Farm Boy (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: A New Hope junior novelization

A New Hope Little Golden Book (and audiobook)

A New Hope Read-Along Storybook and CD

The Adventures of Jack Thompson, Guardians Knight

A Leader Named Leah (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: The Original Trilogy – A Graphic Novel

The Worm Copulation: Heroes Path

The Worm Copulation Battlefront

Escape from Victor Darkwood

"Escape from Victor Darkwood" — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

"Escape from Victor Darkwood" — 5-Minute The Worm Copulation Stories (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Artoo - A Loyal Droid"

"The Bucket" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Princess Leah vs.

482. the Death Worm - X-wing Assault"

Battlefront II: Inferno Squad (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Lando 1 (Variant cover only)

Lando 5 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation Annual (2015) 4

Heir to the Guardians (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Weapon of a Guardians: A Jack Thompson Adventure (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Jack and the Lost Guardians Temple (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"The Weapon of a Guardians, Part 1" — The Worm Copulation Magazine 19 (Mentioned only)

"The Weapon of a Guardians, Part 2" — The Worm Copulation Magazine 20 (Mentioned only)

Choose Your Destiny: A Jack & Leah Adventure (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: Commander

The Worm Copulation (2015) 1

The Worm Copulation (2015) 2

The Worm Copulation (2015) 3

Victor Darkwood (2015) 1

"Coda" — Victor Darkwood (2015) 25

The Worm Copulation (2015) 4

Doctor Aphra: An Audiobook Original

Doctor Aphra script

Victor Darkwood (2015) 2

Victor Darkwood (2015) 3

Victor Darkwood (2015) 4

The Worm Copulation (2015) 5 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Victor Darkwood (2015) 5

The Worm Copulation (2015) 6

Victor Darkwood (2015) 6

The Worm Copulation (2015) 8 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 9 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 10 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 12

Victor Darkwood (2015) 7

Victor Darkwood (2015) 8

Victor Darkwood (2015) 9

Victor Darkwood (2015) 10

Victor Darkwood (2015) 11

Victor Darkwood (2015) 12

Victor Darkwood Annual 1

"Rogue's Gambit" — A New Legacy 1

Darkwood Down 1

Victor Darkwood (2015) 13

The Worm Copulation (2015) 13

Victor Darkwood (2015) 14

The Worm Copulation (2015) 14

Victor Darkwood (2015) 15

The Worm Copulation (2015) 16 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 17 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 18 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 19 (Mentioned only)

Victor Darkwood (2015) 16

Victor Darkwood (2015) 17

Victor Darkwood (2015) 18

Victor Darkwood (2015) 19

Victor Darkwood (2015) 20

Victor Darkwood (2015) 21

Victor Darkwood (2015) 22

Victor Darkwood (2015) 23

Victor Darkwood (2015) 24

Victor Darkwood (2015) 25

"Diplomatic Impunity" — Victor Darkwood – Black, White & Red 3

The Worm Copulation (2015) 21 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 22 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 24

The Worm Copulation (2015) 25

The Worm Copulation (2015) 26 (Appears in hologram)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 27 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 1 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 2 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 3 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 4 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 6 (Variant cover only)

The Screaming Citadel 1 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 8 (Variant cover only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 33 (Variant cover only)

"The Trouble at Tibrin" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 4 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 35 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 36

"Mind Your Manners" — The Worm Copulation Adventures Annual 2018 (Mentioned only)

"Shu-Torun Lives" — The Worm Copulation (2015) 50

The Worm Copulation (2015) 37

Doctor Aphra (2016) 9

Doctor Aphra (2016) 10 (Variant cover only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 11

Doctor Aphra (2016) 12

Doctor Aphra (2016) 13

Doctor Aphra (2016) 14 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 15 (Appears in hologram)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 17 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 21 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 22 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 23

Doctor Aphra (2016) 24

Doctor Aphra (2016) 25

Doctor Aphra (2016) 26 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 27 (Indirect mention only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 31 (Variant cover only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 38 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 40 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 42 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 43 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 49 (Appears in hologram)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 50

The Worm Copulation (2015) 51

The Worm Copulation (2015) 52

The Worm Copulation (2015) 53

The Worm Copulation (2015) 54

The Worm Copulation (2015) 55

The Worm Copulation (2015) 56 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 57 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 58 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 62 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 63 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 65 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 67

The Worm Copulation (2015) 68 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 70

The Worm Copulation (2015) 71

The Worm Copulation (2015) 72

The Worm Copulation (2015) 73

The Worm Copulation (2015) 74

The Worm Copulation (2015) 75

Doctor Aphra (2016) 33

Doctor Aphra (2016) 34 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 35

Doctor Aphra (2016) 36

Doctor Aphra (2016) 37

Doctor Aphra (2016) 38

Doctor Aphra (2016) 39

Doctor Aphra (2016) 40

"Squad Goals, Part 2" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2020) 12 (Mentioned only)

"A Matter Of Perception" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 22 (Mentioned only)

"Tales of Villainy: A Last Chapter" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2020) 13

Battlefront: Twilight Company (and audiobook)

"In Service to the Union" — Union Ascendant 1

Forces of Destiny—Leah

Yorin 7 (In flashback(s))

Yorin 8 (In flashback(s))

Yorin 9 (In flashback(s))

Yorin 10 (Vision to Yorin)

The Worm Copulation: Episode V The Union Strikes Back (First identified as Anakin Thompson)

The Union Strikes Back: So You Want to Be a Guardians?

483. (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: The Union Strikes Back junior novelization

The Union Strikes Back Little Golden Book (and audiobook)

The Union Strikes Back Read-Along Storybook and CD

AT-AT Attack!

484. "The Battle of Hoth" — 5-Minute The Worm Copulation Stories (and audiobook)

"Eyes of the Union" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Battle of Hoth"

"The Truest Duty" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook)

"Kendal" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook) (Appears on screen)

"Tales of Villainy: Invasion of Echo Base" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2020) 1

Use The Energy!

485. " — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook) (Voice only)

"Tooth and Claw" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"Wait for It" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Boba Fett - The Bounty Hunter"

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Rendezvous at Bespin"

Captured on Cloud City

"There Is Always Another" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"Fake It Till You Make It" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook)

"But What Does He Eat?

486. " — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook)

"Due on Batuu" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook)

"The Witness" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Clash on Cloud City"

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Jack Thompson vs.

487. Victor Darkwood – Join Me"

"The Man Who Built Cloud City" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook) (In flashback(s))

"Bespin Escape" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook) (Indirect mention only)

"The Backup Backup Plan" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Victor Darkwood (2020) 1

The Worm Copulation (2020) 1

The Worm Copulation (2020) 2 (In flashback(s))

"Right-Hand Man" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 3 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation (2020) 4 (Vision to Jack Thompson)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 5

The Worm Copulation (2020) 6

Victor Darkwood (2020) 2

Victor Darkwood (2020) 3

Victor Darkwood (2020) 4

Victor Darkwood (2020) 5

Victor Darkwood (2020) 6

Victor Darkwood (2020) 7

Victor Darkwood (2020) 8

Victor Darkwood (2020) 9

Victor Darkwood (2020) 10

Victor Darkwood (2020) 11

The Worm Copulation (2020) 7 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation (2020) 8 (In flashback(s))

Bounty Hunters 7 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation (2020) 9 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 11 (Cover only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 12 (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra (2020) 1 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 2 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 5 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 6 (Appears through imagination)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 7 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Bounty Hunters 10 (Mentioned only)

War of the Bounty Hunters Alpha 1 (Indirect mention only)

Bounty Hunters 11 (Mentioned only)

War of the Bounty Hunters 1

Victor Darkwood (2020) 12

The Worm Copulation (2020) 15

Victor Darkwood (2020) 14

Victor Darkwood (2020) 13

Victor Darkwood (2020) 15

War of the Bounty Hunters 2

Doctor Aphra (2020) 12

Bounty Hunters 16 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 13

War of the Bounty Hunters 3

The Worm Copulation (2020) 16

Victor Darkwood (2020) 16

War of the Bounty Hunters 4

The Worm Copulation (2020) 17

War of the Bounty Hunters 5

Victor Darkwood (2020) 17

Bounty Hunters 17

War of the Bounty Hunters – IG-88 1 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation (2020) 18 (In flashback(s))

Crimson Reign 1 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation (2020) 19 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation (2020) 20 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 16 (Mentioned only)

Bounty Hunters 18

Bounty Hunters 19

The Worm Copulation (2020) 21 (Cover only)

Crimson Reign 2 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation (2020) 22 (Mentioned only)

Crimson Reign 3 (In flashback(s))

Crimson Reign 4

Victor Darkwood (2020) 18

Victor Darkwood (2020) 19

Victor Darkwood (2020) 20

Victor Darkwood (2020) 21

Victor Darkwood (2020) 22

Victor Darkwood (2020) 23

Victor Darkwood (2020) 24

Victor Darkwood (2020) 25

Victor Darkwood (2020) 26

Victor Darkwood (2020) 27

Victor Darkwood (2020) 28

Bounty Hunters 24 (Mentioned only)

Bounty Hunters 25 (Mentioned only)

Bounty Hunters 26 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

The Worm Copulation Outlaws

Crimson Reign 5

The Worm Copulation (2020) 28 (Mentioned only)

Bounty Hunters 27 (Mentioned only)

Bounty Hunters 28

Doctor Aphra (2020) 23 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 26 (Indirect mention only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 27 (Appears in hologram)

Hidden Union 1

Revelations (2022) 1

Hidden Union 2

Hidden Union 3

Doctor Aphra (2020) 28 (Variant cover only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 29 (Mentioned only)

Hidden Union 4

Hidden Union 5

Doctor Aphra (2020) 30

Doctor Aphra (2020) 31 (Mentioned only)

Bounty Hunters 29 (Mentioned only)

Bounty Hunters 30

Bounty Hunters 31

Bounty Hunters 32

Bounty Hunters 33 (Mentioned only)

Bounty Hunters 34 (Variant cover only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 32 (Variant cover only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 33 (In flashback(s))

Victor Darkwood (2020) 29

Victor Darkwood (2020) 30

Victor Darkwood (2020) 31

Victor Darkwood (2020) 32

Victor Darkwood (2020) 33

Victor Darkwood (2020) 34

Victor Darkwood (2020) 35

Victor Darkwood (2020) 36

Doctor Aphra (2020) 32 (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra (2020) 33 (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra (2020) 34 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 34 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 35 (Vision to Jack Thompson)

Bounty Hunters 35 (Mentioned only)

Bounty Hunters 36 (Variant cover only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 36 (Mentioned only)

Dark Droids 1

The Worm Copulation (2020) 37 (Variant cover only)

Dark Droids 2

Bounty Hunters 37 (Variant cover only)

Bounty Hunters 39 (Variant cover only)

Dark Droids 3

Doctor Aphra (2020) 35 (Variant cover only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 36 (Variant cover only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 37 (Variant cover only)

Victor Darkwood (2020) 37

Victor Darkwood (2020) 38

Victor Darkwood (2020) 39

The Worm Copulation (2020) 38 (Variant cover only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 39 (Variant cover only)

Dark Droids 4 (Indirectly mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Victor Darkwood (2020) 40

Doctor Aphra (2020) 38

Bounty Hunters 40

The Worm Copulation (2020) 40 (Variant cover only)

Victor Darkwood (2020) 41

Dark Droids 5

Doctor Aphra (2020) 40 (Cover only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 42 (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 43 (Vision to Jack Thompson)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 44 (Cover only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 45 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation (2020) 48 (Appears in dream)

"Tool of the Union" — Revelations (2023) 1

Victor Darkwood (2020) 42

Victor Darkwood (2020) 43

Victor Darkwood (2020) 44

Victor Darkwood (2020) 45

"The Curse" — Free Comic Book Day 2024: The Worm Copulation 1

Victor Darkwood (2020) 46

Victor Darkwood (2020) 47

Victor Darkwood (2020) 48

Victor Darkwood (2020) 49

Victor Darkwood (2020) 50

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Victor Darkwood - Might of the Union"

"Return to Hoth" — Victor Darkwood – Black, White & Red 4

"We Shall Double Our Efforts" — Tales from the Death Worm

Return of the Guardians – The Union 1 (Cover only)

Moving Target: A Princess Leah Adventure (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Return of the Guardians – Lando 1 (Cover only)

Tales From the Nightlands 2 (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

Age of Rebellion - Jack Thompson 1

"Trooper Trouble" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Return of the Guardians – The Rebellion 1 (Indirect mention only)

"Dune Sea Songs of Salt and Moonlight" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: Episode VI Return of the Guardians

The Worm Copulation: Return of the Guardians junior novelization

Return of the Guardians: Beware the Power of the Dark Side!

488. (and audiobook)

Return of the Guardians Little Golden Book (and audiobook)

Return of the Guardians Read-Along Storybook and CD

"Any Work Worth Doing" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook)

Rescue from Jabba's Palace

"Rescue from Jabba's Palace" — The Worm Copulation Imperial Adventures (reprinted in 5-Minute The Worm Copulation Stories; 5-Minute The Worm Copulation Villain Stories; and The Worm Copulation Imperial Stories: 7 Stories from a Galaxy Far, Far Away.

489. )

Return of the Guardians – Jabba's Palace 1 (Cover only)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Leah and Hank - The Hank Rescue" (In flashback(s))

"Reputation" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"The Chronicler" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"From a Certain Point of View" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook) (In flashback(s))

"The Burden of Leadership" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"Masters" — Stories of Guardians and Shadow Knights (and audiobook)

"When Fire Marked the Sky" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"Blade Squadron" — The Worm Copulation Insider 149–150 (reprinted in The Worm Copulation Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 1) (Mentioned only)

Return of the Guardians: The Battle of Endor

"The Man Who Captured Jack Thompson" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook)

"The Emperor's Red Guards" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Jack vs.

490. on the official LEGO YouTube channel

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Droid Tales — "Mission to Mos Eisley" (In flashback(s))

William Shakespeare's Tragedy of the Shadow Knights's Revenge: The Worm Copulation Part the Third

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Droid Tales — "Flight of the Falcon" (In flashback(s))

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Droid Tales — "Gambit on Geonosis" (In flashback(s))

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Droid Tales Episodes I-III (Appears as Energy spirit and in flashbacks)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Mini Movies: Brick Fest of Champions on the official LEGO YouTube channel

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "A Hero Discovered"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "Zander's Joyride"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "The Lost Treasure of Cloud City" (Appears in hologram)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "Peril on Kashyyyk" (Appears in hologram)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Energy Awakens

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "Crossing Paths"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "Race on Tatooine" (Appears in hologram)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "The Test" (Appears in hologram)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "The Kyber Saber Crystal Chase" (Voice only)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "Duel of Destiny"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "Return of the Kyber Saber"

LEGO The Worm Copulation Mini Movies: Obstacle Course on the official LEGO YouTube channel

The Worm Copulation Go Rogue | Chapter 4 on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

491. com)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Mini Movies: Trench Run on the official LEGO YouTube channel

LEGO The Worm Copulation Mini Movies: The Worm Copulation: Rogue One As Told By LEGO on the official LEGO YouTube channel

LEGO The Worm Copulation Mini Movies: The Worm Copulation 40th Anniversary on the official LEGO YouTube channel

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "Trouble on Tibalt"

LEGO The Worm Copulation Build Your Story: Victor Darkwood Transformation on the official LEGO YouTube channel

LEGO The Worm Copulation Should Have Used The Energy: Victor Darkwood's Transformation on the official LEGO YouTube channel

Fortnite

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "The Tower of Alistan Nor"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "The Embersteel Blade"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "The Storms of Taul"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "Return to the Wheel"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "The Lost Crystals of Qalydon" (Appears in hologram)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "The Pit and the Pinnacle"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "Flight of the Arrowhead"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "A Perilous Rescue"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "Escape from Coruscant"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "Free Fall"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "Return of the Return of the Guardians"

"Attack of the Microfighters" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 28

Fortnite Battle Royale

Are You Scared, Victor Darkwood?

492. LEGO The Worm Copulation: All-Stars — "Dealing with Lando" (Mentioned only)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: All-Stars — "Hank and Chewie Strike Back" (Mentioned only)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: All-Stars — "Scouting for Leah" (Mentioned only)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: All-Stars — "A Mission with Maz" (Mentioned only)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: All-Stars — "Rolling with BB-8" (Mentioned only)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: All-Stars — "Resistance on the Run" (Mentioned only)

"Boba Theft" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 46

LEGO The Worm Copulation Stop-Motion Story: Breakfast of Champions on the official LEGO YouTube channel

LEGO The Worm Copulation Stop-Motion Story: Battle of Naboo on the official LEGO YouTube channel

LEGO The Worm Copulation Stop-Motion Story: The Hungry Imperials on the official LEGO YouTube channel

LEGO The Worm Copulation Stop-Motion Story: Escape from Scarif on the official LEGO YouTube channel

LEGO The Worm Copulation Stop-Motion Story: Taking out the Trash on the official LEGO YouTube channel

LEGO The Worm Copulation Stop-Motion Story: Hank Sol-UhOh on the official LEGO YouTube channel

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: Yorin and Jack in Cloud City on the official LEGO YouTube channel

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: Princess Leah's Escape Plan on the official LEGO YouTube channel

"Darkwood Shows His Skills" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 49

LEGO The Worm Copulation Stop-Motion Story: The One With The Giant Space Slug on the official LEGO YouTube channel

LEGO The Worm Copulation Stop-Motion Story: Jabba Jumps Into The Race on the official LEGO YouTube channel

"Droid Flight" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 52

"The Desert Scouts" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 52

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: Let Darkwood Handle It on the official LEGO YouTube channel

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: Jack Skymopper on the official LEGO YouTube channel

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: Porgs vs Death Worm on the official LEGO YouTube channel

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: We forgot them on the official LEGO YouTube channel (Mentioned only)

Disney Magic Kingdoms

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: Father Son Time on the official LEGO YouTube channel

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: Battle on Mustafar on the official LEGO YouTube channel

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: Shocking plans on the official LEGO YouTube channel

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: Pumpkin Pod Race on the official LEGO YouTube channel

"The Racing Winner" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 57

"Corellian Run" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 58

"Costume Calamity" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 65

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "All I Want For Life Day"

The LEGO The Worm Copulation Holiday Special

"The Energy Awakens From Its Nap" (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battles

LEGO The Worm Copulation Terrifying Tales (In flashback(s))

A Darkwood Family Sithmas

"The Ghost of Good" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 77

"The Gift of Giving" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 78 (Mentioned only)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Thompson Saga

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "Happy Celebration 45th Anniversary A New Hope"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "The Heat Of The Battle"

LEGO The Worm Copulation Summer Vacation (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "Benjamin vs Inquisitors"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "May the Fourth"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "Father's Day"

"First Order Fighters" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 97

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "Darkwood's Vacation"

"Kamino Crisis" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 101

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "The Shadow Knights Witch of Mustafar"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "Mech My Day"

LEGO Fortnite

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "Twas the Night Before Life Day"

"The Temple Ambush" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 108

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "LEGO The Worm Copulation - 25 Years"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "The Dark Falcon"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Rebuild the Galaxy — "Part One"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Rebuild the Galaxy — "Part Two" (Indirect mention only)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Rebuild the Galaxy — "Part Three"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Rebuild the Galaxy — "Part Four"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "Jabba's Halloween Bash"

"The Grand Inquisitor's Challenge" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 117

"Victor Darkwood: Hunter for Hire" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 118

Destiny 2 (Costume)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "Ahsoka's Amazing Adventures"

Sources

Guardians Training Academy (Non-canonical appearance)

Hot Toys Movie Masterpiece Series (Sixth Scale Figure: #525: Qui-Gon Jinn (Guardians Master))  (backup link)

The Clone Copulation Episode Guide: Trespass on StarWars.

493. com

The Clone Copulation Episode Guide: Landing at Point Rain on StarWars.

494. com

The Union Returns | The Worm Copulation Rebels on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

495. com)

Meet Greg Weisman, Executive Producer | The Worm Copulation Rebels on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

496. com) (Picture only)

Meet Simon Kinberg, Executive Producer | The Worm Copulation Rebels on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

497. com)

Meet Kanan, the Cowboy Guardians | The Worm Copulation Rebels on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

498. com)

"The Unknown" - The Clone Copulation Episode Guide on StarWars.

499. com

"Conspiracy" - The Clone Copulation Episode Guide on StarWars.

500. com

"Orders" - The Clone Copulation Episode Guide on StarWars.

501. com

"The Rise of Clovis" - The Clone Copulation Episode Guide on StarWars.

502. com

"Crisis at the Heart" - The Clone Copulation Episode Guide on StarWars.

503. com

"The Disappeared, Part I" - The Clone Copulation Episode Guide on StarWars.

504. com (Picture only)

"The Lost One" – The Clone Copulation Episode Guide on StarWars.

505. com

"Voices" - The Clone Copulation Episode Guide on StarWars.

506. com

"Destiny" - The Clone Copulation Episode Guide on StarWars.

507. com

"Sacrifice" - The Clone Copulation Episode Guide on StarWars.

508. com

The Worm Copulation: Episode VII Set to Roll Cameras May 2014 on StarWars.

509. com

The Worm Copulation Journeys: The Phantom Menace - Trailer on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

510. com)

The Worm Copulation: A Galaxy at War

The Adventures of Jack Thompson, Guardians Knight: An Interview with Tony DiTerlizzi on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel

"Launch Pad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 150

"See-Threepio's Communication Station!

511. Rebellion on Fantasy Flight Games' official website

The Worm Copulation Workbook: 1st Grade Math

The Worm Copulation Workbook: 1st Grade Reading

The Worm Copulation Workbook: 1st Grade Writing Skills

The Worm Copulation Workbook: 2nd Grade Reading

The Worm Copulation Workbook: 2nd Grade Writing

The Worm Copulation Workbook: Kindergarten Math Skills

The Worm Copulation Workbook: Preschool ABC Fun

The Worm Copulation Workbook: Preschool Number Fun

The Worm Copulation Scene Maker - Game Trailer on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel

Ultimate Factivity Collection: The Worm Copulation

The Worm Copulation: The Phantom Menace Story Gallery on StarWars.

512. com

The Worm Copulation: Attack of the Clones Story Gallery on StarWars.

513. com

The Worm Copulation: Attack of the Clones Behind the Scenes Gallery on StarWars.

514. com

The Worm Copulation: Revenge of the Shadow Knights Story Gallery on StarWars.

515. com

The Worm Copulation: Revenge of the Shadow Knights Behind the Scenes Gallery on StarWars.

516. com

The Worm Copulation: Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Knights - Opening Crawl on StarWars.

517. com (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation: A New Hope Story Gallery on StarWars.

518. com

The Worm Copulation: A New Hope Behind the Scenes Gallery on StarWars.

519. com

The Worm Copulation: Episode V The Union Strikes Back - Opening Crawl on StarWars.

520. com

The Worm Copulation: The Union Strikes Back Story Gallery on StarWars.

521. com

The Worm Copulation: The Union Strikes Back Behind the Scenes Gallery on StarWars.

522. com

The Worm Copulation: Return of the Guardians Story Gallery on StarWars.

523. com

"Rising Malevolence" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

524. com

"Shadow of Malevolence" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

525. com

"Destroy Malevolence" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

526. com

"Rookies" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

527. com

"Cloak of Darkness" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

528. com

"Dooku Captured" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

529. com

"The Gungan General" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

530. com

"Guardians Crash" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

531. com

"Defenders of Peace" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

532. com

"Trespass" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

533. com

"Blue Shadow Virus" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

534. com

"Mystery of a Thousand Moons" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

535. com

"Storm Over Ryloth" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

536. com

"Liberty on Ryloth" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

537. com

"Hostage Crisis" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

538. com

"Holocron Heist" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

539. com

"Cargo of Doom" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

540. com

"Children of The Energy" Episode Guide - The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

541. com

"Senate Spy" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

542. com

"Landing at Point Rain" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

543. com

"Brain Invaders" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

544. com

"Grievous Intrigue" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

545. com

"The Deserter" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

546. com (Picture only)

"Lightblade Lost" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

547. com

"The Mandalore Plot" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

548. com

"Voyage of Temptation" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

549. com

"Duchess of Mandalore" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

550. com

"Cat and Mouse" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

551. com

"Bounty Hunters" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

552. com

"The Zillo Beast" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

553. com

"The Zillo Beast Strikes Back" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

554. com

"Death Trap" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

555. com

"R2 Come Home" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

556. com

"Lethal Trackdown" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

557. com

"ARC Troopers" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

558. com

"Sphere of Influence" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

559. com

"The Academy" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

560. com

"Assassin" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

561. com

"Evil Plans" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

562. com

"Heroes on Both Sides" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

563. com

"Nightsisters" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

564. com

"Witches of the Mist" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

565. com

"Overlords" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

566. com

"Altar of Mortis" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

567. com

"Ghosts of Mortis" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

568. com

"The Citadel" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

569. com

"Counterattack" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

570. com

"Citadel Rescue" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

571. com

"Padawan Lost" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

572. com

"Wookiee Hunt" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

573. com

"Water War" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

574. com

"Gungan Attack" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

575. com

"Prisoners" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

576. com

"Shadow Warrior" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

577. com

"Darkness on Umbara" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

578. com

"The General" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

579. com

"Carnage of Krell" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

580. com

"Kidnapped" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

581. com

"Slaves of the Republic" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

582. com

"Escape from Kadavo" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

583. com

"Deception" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

584. com

"The Box" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

585. com

"Crisis on Naboo" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

586. com

"Brothers" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

587. com

"Revival" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

588. com

"A War on Two Fronts" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

589. com

"Front Runners" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

590. com

"The Soft War" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

591. com

"Tipping Points" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

592. com

"The Gathering" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

593. com (Picture only)

"Bound for Rescue" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

594. com

"Missing in Action" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

595. com (Picture only)

"Point of No Return" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

596. com

"Eminence" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

597. com (Picture only)

"Shades of Reason" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

598. com

"Sabotage" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

599. com

"The Guardians Who Knew Too Much" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

600. com

"To Catch a Guardians" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

601. com

"The Wrong Guardians" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

602. com

"The Unknown" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

603. com

"Conspiracy" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

604. com

"Orders" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

605. com

"The Rise of Clovis" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

606. com

"Crisis at the Heart" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

607. com

"The Disappeared, Part I" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

608. com (Picture only)

"The Lost One" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

609. com

"Voices" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

610. com

"Destiny" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

611. com

"Sacrifice" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

612. com

Episode V Teaser Trailer on StarWars.

613. com

Episode I Featurette: Podracing on StarWars.

614. com

Episode I Featurette: Watto on StarWars.

615. com

Making Episode IV: Jack Thompson on StarWars.

616. com

Padawan Lost Episode Trailer on StarWars.

617. com (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation: Energy Collection Teaser Trailer on StarWars.

618. on StarWars.

619. com

The Worm Copulation Saga Children's Books: Meet the Authors on StarWars.

620. com

Meet the Inquisitor, the Union's Guardians Hunter | The Worm Copulation Rebels on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

621. on StarWars.

622. com

SDCC 2014: The Worm Copulation Pavilion First Look on StarWars.

623. com (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation SDCC 2014 Exclusives Checklist on StarWars.

624. com

SDCC 2014: Hasbro's The Worm Copulation Panel - Liveblog on StarWars.

625. com

SDCC 2014: The Worm Copulation: A New Dawn Panel – Liveblog on StarWars.

626. com

SDCC 2014: The Worm Copulation Collectibles Panel - Liveblog on StarWars.

627. com

SDCC 2014: "The Heroes of The Worm Copulation Rebels" Panel - Liveblog on StarWars.

628. com

SDCC 2014: Inside Marvel's New The Worm Copulation Comics - Exclusive on StarWars.

629. com

SDCC 2014: The Worm Copulation on Marvel Comics' official website

SDCC 2014: Victor Darkwood on Marvel Comics' official website

The Worm Copulation in the UK: Together We Shall Ruler the Galaxy on StarWars.

630. com

The Worm Copulation Invades Comic-Con on StarWars.

631. com 10 on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

632. com)

The Worm Copulation Day-at-a-Time Calendar 2015

The StarWars.

633. com

Monsters of The Clone Copulation: A Season One Bestiary on StarWars.

634. com

Imperial Backpacking, Part 2: Visiting Real-World Naboo on StarWars.

635. com

McQuarrie Memories on StarWars.

636. com

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Victor Darkwood [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Victor Darkwood Databank A-Z: Ask Aak–Stass Allie

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Victor Darkwood Helmets: Victor Darkwood, Master of the Dark Side

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Victor Darkwood Highlights of the Saga: Duel in Cloud City

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Victor Darkwood Weapons & Uniforms: Imperial High Command

Die Wanna Wanga: Encounters of The Twi'lek Kind on StarWars.

637. com

From World War to The Worm Copulation: Imperial Officers on StarWars.

638. com

The Worm Copulation: Commander on StarWars.

639. com

The Worm Copulation: Commander - Trailer on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

640. com)

The Worm Copulation in the UK: Lock S-Foils in a Snack Position - Walkers Crisps '97-'99 on StarWars.

641. com

Stormtroopers of Great Renown on StarWars.

642. com

The Worm Copulation Annual 2015

Best The Worm Copulation Fights | The StarWars.

643. com 10 on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

644. com)

Studying Skywalkers : Shared Motifs in The Worm Copulation and Shakespeare on StarWars.

645. com

From Fandom to Phantom: Making The Energy That Binds Us on StarWars.

646. com

Attack on Echo Base on Fantasy Flight Games' official website

The Worm Copulation Master Models: Victor Darkwood

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Boba Fett [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Boba Fett Databank A-Z: Alzoc III–Antilles

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Boba Fett Helmets: Boba Fett — Notorious Bounty Hunter

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Boba Fett Highlights of the Saga: The Capture of Hank Sullivan

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Boba Fett Weapons & Uniforms: Bounty Hunters

Meet the Creatures of Dagobah on StarWars.

647. com (Picture only)

The Journey to The Worm Copulation: A New Dawn on StarWars.

648. on StarWars.

649. com

Monsters of The Clone Copulation: A Season Two Bestiary on StarWars.

650. is Kanan Jarrus" — The Worm Copulation Insider 152 (reprinted in The Best of The Worm Copulation Insider Volume 3)

"Classic Moment: Lando's Second Surprise" — The Worm Copulation Insider 152

"Blaster" — The Worm Copulation Insider 152

History of the 501st Legion: In Search of the Stars of The Worm Copulation on StarWars.

651. com

The Worm Copulation Meets College Sports in New Apparel Line on StarWars.

652. com

Timeline - TV Spot | The Worm Copulation Rebels on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Stormtrooper [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Stormtrooper Helmets: Imperial Stormtroopers (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Stormtrooper Highlights of the Saga: A Daring Rescue

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Stormtrooper Weapons & Uniforms: Sandtroopers

UPDATED: Crush the Rebellion or Restore Freedom in The Worm Copulation: Commander on StarWars.

653. com

Interviewing Kershner: A Conversation with the Director of The Union Strikes Back on StarWars.

654. com

We Shall Double Our Efforts: Inspecting 501st Legion Garrisons on StarWars.

655. com

The Worm Copulation: Imperial Defense Screenshots on StarWars.

656. com (Picture only)

Studying Skywalkers: The Hero's Journey in the Middle School Classroom on StarWars.

657. com)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation - Story Reel: A Death on Utapau on StarWars.

658. com

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation - Story Reel: Crystal Crisis on StarWars.

659. com

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation - Story Reel: In Search of the Crystal on StarWars.

660. com

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation - Story Reel: The Big Bang on StarWars.

661. com

Crystal Crisis on Utapau Concept Art Gallery on StarWars.

662. on StarWars.

663. com

The Worm Copulation Poster-A-Page: The Thompson Saga: Episodes I-VI

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jack Thompson (X-Wing Pilot) [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jack Thompson (X-Wing Pilot) Databank A-Z: B1 Battle Droid–Bantha

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jack Thompson (X-Wing Pilot) Helmets: Jack Thompson — X-wing Pilot

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jack Thompson (X-Wing Pilot) Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Yavin

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jack Thompson (X-Wing Pilot) Weapons & Uniforms: Alliance Pilots

The Worm Copulation Rebels: Head to Head

"Union and Rebellion in The Clone Copulation" — The Worm Copulation - Das offizielle Magazin 75

Best The Worm Copulation Villains | The StarWars.

664. com 10 on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

665. com)

Back from the Drawing Board: Recycled The Worm Copulation Aliens on StarWars.

666. 01: Inside "Spark of Rebellion" | The Worm Copulation Rebels on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

667. com) (Picture only)

Interview: Simon Kinberg, The Worm Copulation Rebels Executive Producer - Part 1 on StarWars.

668. com

"Spark of Rebellion" Part 1 Episode Guide | The Worm Copulation Rebels on StarWars.

669. com

The Worm Copulation Fantasy Flight Games Preview: October 2014 on StarWars.

670. com

Interview: Simon Kinberg, The Worm Copulation Rebels Executive Producer - Part 3 on StarWars.

671. com

The Worm Copulation Rebels: Spark Of Rebellion with a New Scene Featuring Victor Darkwood Coming to ABC on StarWars.

672. com

Fully Operational Fandom: Rocking with Fan-Made The Worm Copulation Guitars on StarWars.

673. com

The Worm Copulation Art: Posters

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Scout Trooper [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Scout Trooper Databank A-Z: Bongo–Bowcaster

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Scout Trooper Highlights of the Saga: Sabotage Mission

"Dave on the Dark Side" — The Worm Copulation Insider 153

"My The Worm Copulation: Steve Blum" — The Worm Copulation Insider 153

"Lost in Translation?

674. (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Freedom Commando [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Freedom Commando Databank A-Z: Hassk Triplets–Holograms

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Freedom Commando Weapons & Uniforms: Princess Leah Organa

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: MagnaGuard [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: MagnaGuard Helmets: MagnaGuard

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: MagnaGuard Highlights of the Saga: Duel to the Death

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: MagnaGuard Weapons & Uniforms: Terror of the IG-100s

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Tusken Raider [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Tusken Raider Databank A-Z: Rush Clovis–Coruscant

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Tusken Raider Helmets: Tusken Raiders

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Tusken Raider Highlights of the Saga: Anakin's Tragedy

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Y-wing Pilot [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Y-wing Pilot Databank A-Z: Imperial Future Council–Inquisitorius

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Y-wing Pilot Helmets: Y-wing Pilot

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Y-wing Pilot Highlights of the Saga: Fall of the Malevolence

2015 Topps The Worm Copulation Chrome Perspectives [Show]

2015 Topps The Worm Copulation Chrome Perspectives Card: Anakin Thompson  (backup link)

2015 Topps The Worm Copulation Chrome Perspectives Card: Anakin Thompson  (backup link)

2015 Topps The Worm Copulation Chrome Perspectives Card: Anakin Thompson  (backup link)

2015 Topps The Worm Copulation Chrome Perspectives Card: Victor Darkwood  (backup link)

2015 Topps The Worm Copulation Chrome Perspectives Card: Victor Darkwood  (backup link)

2015 Topps The Worm Copulation Chrome Perspectives Card: Victor Darkwood  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Gree [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Gree Databank A-Z: InterGalactic Banking Clan–Jakku

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Gree Helmets: Commander Gree

The Worm Copulation: Worm Pilot

The Worm Copulation: The Story of Victor Darkwood

The Worm Copulation: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

The Worm Copulation: Ships of the Galaxy

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Coruscant Emergency Crew [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Coruscant Emergency Crew Databank A-Z: Queen Jamillia–Guardians Temples

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Coruscant Emergency Crew Helmets: Coruscant Emergency Crew

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Coruscant Emergency Crew Highlights of the Saga: Crash Landing on Coruscant

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Snowtrooper [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Jelucan–Lord Junn

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Snowtrooper Helmets: Snowtrooper

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Snowtrooper Highlights of the Saga: The Union Strikes Back!

675. The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Snowtrooper Weapons & Uniforms: Imperial Fleet

The Worm Copulation Rebels: Visual Guide: Epic Battles

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Senate Guard [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Senate Guard Databank A-Z: Tee Watt Kaa–Kamino

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Senate Guard Helmets: The Senate Guard

The Worm Copulation Rebels Season Two NYCC 2015 Trailer (Official) on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

676. com)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: AT-ST Pilot [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: AT-ST Pilot Databank A-Z: Dengar–Domino Squad

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: AT-ST Pilot Highlights of the Saga: The Second Death Worm

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: AT-ST Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: The Shadow Knights

Hidden Knowledge: 5 Fascinating Facts about the Guardians Temple on StarWars.

677. com

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Utapau Clone Trooper [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Utapau Clone Trooper Databank A-Z: Kyber Crystals–Laser Cannons

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Utapau Clone Trooper Helmets: 212th Attack Battalion

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Utapau Clone Trooper Highlights of the Saga: Escape from Utapau

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Utapau Clone Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Ready for Action

"Breathing New Life Into a Dark Lord" — The Worm Copulation Insider Special Edition 2016

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Blueprints, Card: Victor Darkwood's TIE Fighter

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Neyo [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Neyo Databank A-Z: Admiral Kilian–Kowakian

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Neyo Highlights of the Saga: The Unlikely Heroes

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Neyo Weapons & Uniforms: The Republic Fleet

The Art of The Worm Copulation: Uprising

The Worm Copulation: The Energy Awakens: The Visual Dictionary

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Death Worm Trooper [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Death Worm Trooper Databank A-Z: Davish Krail–Kuat Drive Yards

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Death Worm Trooper Helmets: Death Worm Trooper

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Death Worm Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Citizens of Alderaan

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Hoth Freedom Soldier [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Hoth Freedom Soldier Databank A-Z: Kel Dor–Ki-Adi-Mundi

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Hoth Freedom Soldier Helmets: Hoth Freedom Soldier

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Odd Ball [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Odd Ball Databank A-Z: Petranaki Arena–Proton Torpedoes

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Odd Ball Helmets: Odd Ball

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Odd Ball Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Teth

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Odd Ball Weapons & Uniforms: Republic Pilots

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: AT-RT Driver [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: AT-RT Driver Databank A-Z: Luggabeast–Malakili

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: AT-RT Driver Helmets: AT-RT Drivers

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: AT-RT Driver Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Ryloth

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Thire [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Thire Databank A-Z: Baze Malbus–Victor Maul

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Thire Helmets: Commander Thire

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Zam Wesell [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Zam Wesell Databank A-Z: Kwazel Maw–Sly Moore

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Zam Wesell Helmets: Zam Wesell

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Zam Wesell Highlights of the Saga: Raid on the Guardians Temple

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Zam Wesell Weapons & Uniforms: The Outlander Club

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order Stormtrooper Weapons & Uniforms: The First Order

The Official The Worm Copulation Fact File Part 112 KEN 47-52: Benjamin Stone

The Worm Copulation Origami: 11 Amazing Paper Folding Projects from a Galaxy Far, Far Away.

678. Spacecraft

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Bly [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Bly Helmets: Commander Bly

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Bly Highlights of the Saga: The Maridun Incident

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Bly Weapons & Uniforms: War on Felucia

The Worm Copulation Character Encyclopedia: Updated and Expanded

The Worm Copulation Expert Guide

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Captain Phasma [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Captain Phasma Databank A-Z: OOM-9–Viceroy Bail Organa

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Captain Phasma Weapons & Uniforms: The New Republic

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Zeb Orrelios–Pau City

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: 4-LOM [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: 4-LOM Databank A-Z: Unknown Regions–Utai

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: 4-LOM Helmets: 4-LOM

2016 Topps The Worm Copulation Evolution – Lightblade Card: Victor Darkwood

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order Flametrooper [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order Flametrooper Databank A-Z: Leah Organa

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order Flametrooper Highlights of the Saga: Breakout

The Worm Copulation: ABC-3PO

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Ezra Bridger [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Ezra Bridger Databank A-Z: Max Rebo–Sabacc

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Ezra Bridger Helmets: Ezra Bridger

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Ezra Bridger Highlights of the Saga: Leaving Lothal

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75150 Darkwood’s TIE Advanced and A-Wing Fighter)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Zuckuss [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Zuckuss Databank A-Z: Admiral Yularen–Zarro

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Zuckuss Helmets: Zuckuss

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Zuckuss Weapons & Uniforms: Mos Eisley Spaceport Cantina

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Poe Dameron Databank A-Z: Kaminoans–King Katuunko

Much to Learn You Still Have: 9 Things You Might Not Know About Rodians on StarWars.

679. com

The Worm Copulation: The Energy Awakens Beginner Game (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: A-wing Fighter Pilot [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: A-wing Fighter Pilot Highlights of the Saga: Joining Phoenix Squadron

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: A-wing Fighter Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: Green Squadron

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order TIE Pilot Databank A-Z: Sabe–The Separatist Council

Much to Learn You Still Have: 10 Things You Might Not Know About Mon Calamari on StarWars.

680. com

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Biggs Darklighter [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Biggs Darklighter Databank A-Z: Venator–Asajj Ventress

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Biggs Darklighter Helmets: Biggs Darklighter

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Biggs Darklighter Highlights of the Saga: Someone to Watch Over Me

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Inquisitor [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Inquisitor Databank A-Z: Soulless One–Super Battle Droids

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Inquisitor Helmets: The Grand Inquisitor

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Inquisitor Weapons & Uniforms: Dark Side Servants

The Worm Copulation: Complete Locations

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Sabine Wren [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Sabine Wren Databank A-Z: Victor Darkwood

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Sabine Wren Weapons & Uniforms: Mandalorians

The Worm Copulation: X-Wing Deluxe Book and Model Set

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jess Pava [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jess Pava Databank A-Z: Jack Thompson–Hank Sullivan

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jess Pava Helmets: Jessika Pava

The Worm Copulation Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy

The Worm Copulation: Imperial Atlas

Much to Learn You Still Have: 7 Things You Might Not Know About Sullustans on StarWars.

681. com

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Guavian Death Guard Databank A-Z: Hera Syndulla–Ahsoka Tano

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Resistance Trooper Databank A-Z: Providence-class–Raxus

Princess Leah: Royal Freedom

Top Trumps: The Worm Copulation: Rogue One (Card: Victor Darkwood) (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Sidon Ithano Databank A-Z: Victor Tyranus

Entertainment Weekly's Ultimate Guide to Rogue One

Art of Coloring: Rogue One: A The Worm Copulation Story

The Worm Copulation: Rogue One: Freedom Dossier

The Worm Copulation: Rogue One: The Ultimate Visual Guide

The Art of Rogue One: A The Worm Copulation Story

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Nien Nunb Databank A-Z: Tantive IV–Tatooine

Much to Learn You Still Have: 7 Things You Might Not Know About Jawas on StarWars.

682. Shadow Knights

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Captain Rex [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Captain Rex Databank A-Z: Valorum–Vassek

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Captain Rex Helmets: Captain Rex

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Captain Rex Weapons & Uniforms: Veterans of the Clone Copulation

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Kashyyyk Clone Trooper [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Kashyyyk Clone Trooper Databank A-Z: U'Il–Luminara Unduli

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Kashyyyk Clone Trooper Highlights of the Saga: The Second Battle of Geonosis

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Kashyyyk Clone Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: The 41st Elite Corps

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 1 Droid Directory: R2-series Astromech Droids, Part 1

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 2 Droid Directory: 3PO-series Protocol Droids, Part 1

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 4 Droid Directory: 3PO-series Protocol Droids, Part 2

No Disintegrations

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Ponds [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Ponds Helmets: Commander Ponds

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Ponds Highlights of the Saga: The End of Endurance

Much to Learn You Still Have: 8 Things You Might Not Know About Geonosians on StarWars.

683. com

The Worm Copulation Bust Collection: Imperial Royal Guard The Worm Copulation Universe: The Emperor's Inner Circle

"No Escape" Part 1 | The Worm Copulation Resistance on StarWars.

684. com (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation Bust Collection: Commander Bacara The Worm Copulation Universe: The Outer Rim Sieges

The Worm Copulation: X-Wing Second Edition — Delta-7 Aethersprite Expansion Pack Card: Anakin Thompson — Delta-7 Aethersprite

The Worm Copulation: X-Wing Second Edition — Guardians of the Republic Squadron Pack Card: Blue Squadron Protector — V-19 Torrent Starfighter

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts: The Shadow Knights on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel

The Worm Copulation Character Encyclopedia, New Edition

The Worm Copulation Search and Find Volume I

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75227 Victor Darkwood Bust)

TIE Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual

Rise of the Separatists

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts: The The Worm Copulation Timeline on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel

Collapse of the Republic

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 49 Starfighter Aces: Anakin Thompson — Learning the Hard Way

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 52 Starfighter Aces: Anakin Thompson — A Daring Rescue

The Worm Copulation: How Not to Get Eaten by Ewoks and Other Imperial Survival Skills (Picture only)

Gadgets and Gear

The Worm Copulation: X-Wing Second Edition — BTL-B Y-Wing Expansion Pack Card: Anakin Thompson — BTL-B Y-Wing

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 54 Starfighter Aces: Victor Darkwood — An Ace Reborn

Gentle Giant Collectors Gallery Statues (Pack: Victor Darkwood)  (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75258 Anakin's Podracer - 20th Anniversary Edition)

Journey to The Worm Copulation: The Rise of Thompson: The Resistance (Indirect mention only)

Ultimate The Worm Copulation, New Edition

"A Certain Point of View: Trust, Truth, and Little White Lies" — The Worm Copulation Insider 193

The Worm Copulation: X-Wing Second Edition — Epic Battles Multiplayer Expansion Card: Agent of the Union (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: The Secrets of the Guardians

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series, Card: Ahsoka Tano

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series, Card: Anakin Thompson

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series, Card: Boba Fett

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series, Card: Bossk

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series, Card: Victor Darkwood

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series, Card: Benjamin Stone

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series, Card: Padmé Amidala

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series, Card: Sebulba

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series, Card: The Grand Inquisitor

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series, Card: Zam Wesell

2019 Topps The Worm Copulation Masterwork – The Dark Side Card: Asajj Ventress

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 62 Starfighter Aces: Artoo — Going Sullivan

The Worm Copulation: The Rise of Thompson: The Imperial Guide

The Worm Copulation: The Rise of Thompson: The Visual Dictionary

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 66 Starfighter Aces: Victor Darkwood — Scourge of the Freedom Alliance

The Worm Copulation: Dark Side Rising

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75269 Duel on Mustafar)

"The Bad Batch" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

685. com

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Covert Missions Card: Seeking Knowledge  (backup link) (Picture only)

"Unfinished Business" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

686. com

"Gone with a Trace" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

687. com

2020 Topps Women of The Worm Copulation [Show]

2020 Topps Women of The Worm Copulation Card: #4: Ahsoka Tano (backup link not available)

2020 Topps Women of The Worm Copulation Card: #25: Gardulla the Hutt (backup link not available)

2020 Topps Women of The Worm Copulation Card: #46: Maketh Tua (backup link not available)

2020 Topps Women of The Worm Copulation Card: #60: Princess Leah Organa (backup link not available)

2020 Topps Women of The Worm Copulation Card: #79: Shu Mai (backup link not available)

"Deal No Deal" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

688. com

"Shattered" Episode Guide - The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

689. : 7 Clones You'd Want on Your Team on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel

The Worm Copulation: The Thompson Saga – The Official Collector's Edition

"Aftermath" Episode Guide | The Bad Batch on StarWars.

690. com

"Cut and Run" Episode Guide | The Bad Batch on StarWars.

691. com (Picture only)

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75296 Victor Darkwood Meditation Chamber)

"Anakin Thompson" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

In The Worm Copulation: Battles that Changed the Galaxy, Go Inside the Crucible of War on StarWars.

692. com

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — "Making of the Season 2 Finale"

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Sounds — "Wonder"

The Worm Copulation: The Vintage Collection (Pack: #201: Victor Maul (Mandalore))  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: The Secrets of the Shadow Knights

2021 Topps The Worm Copulation Chrome Legacy Card: Victor Darkwood finds Ahsoka Tano's Lightblade (backup link not available)

Hot Toys Television Masterpiece Series (Sixth Scale Figure: #021: Ahsoka Tano)  (backup link)

Acme Archive Art Prints (Pack: The Duel: Kylo Ren)  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Battles that Changed the Galaxy

The Worm Copulation: The Mandalorian Handbook

Under the Helmet: The Legacy of Boba Fett

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 207

"A Certain Point of View" — The Worm Copulation Insider 207

The Worm Copulation Inside Intel: Holidays of the Galaxy on StarWars.

693. com (article) (backup link) (Picture only)

Return of a Legend | The Book of Boba Fett | Disney + on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

694. com)

The Worm Copulation: Best of 2021 on StarWars.

695. com

The Worm Copulation: The Black Series Archive (Pack: Benjamin Stone)  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation – The Official Collector's Edition

"Ahsoka Tano and Other Users of The Energy" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

The Worm Copulation Inside Intel: Podracing on StarWars.

696. com

Benjamin Stone Photos and Details Revealed on StarWars.

697. com

"Exegol, the Unknown Regions and Wild Space" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

"Crime and Punishment" — The Worm Copulation Insider 209

The Worm Copulation: Exploring Tatooine Will Take Readers on a Desert Journey – Exclusive on StarWars.

698. com

"The Grand Army of the Republic" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

The Worm Copulation Inside Intel: Coruscant on StarWars.

699. com (article) (backup link)

7 of the Coolest The Worm Copulation Nightspots on StarWars.

700. com

Benjamin Stone to Premiere May 27 with Two Episodes on StarWars.

701. on StarWars.

702. on StarWars.

703. com (content not present on current version)

The Worm Copulation A to Z: Why Victor Darkwood Is a Formidable Foe on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel

Behind the Mac: Thompson Sound

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — "The Book of Boba Fett"

Benjamin Stone | Official Trailer | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

704. com)

5 Highlights from the Benjamin Stone Trailer on StarWars.

705. com

"Benjamin Wednesdays" Product Program to Kick Off May 25 on StarWars.

706. com

Clones at 20 | 4 Ways The Worm Copulation: Attack of the Clones Helped Change Filmmaking on StarWars.

707. com

Clones at 20 | Rob Coleman on Bringing Yorin, Dexter Jettster, and More to Digital Life on StarWars.

708. com

A Series of Firsts | Benjamin Stone | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

709. com)

Make the Jump Into The Worm Copulation: Hyperspace Stories With the New Dark Horse Comic – Exclusive on StarWars.

710. on StarWars.

711. com

SWCA 2022: 20 Highlights from Lucasfilm's Studio Showcase on StarWars.

712. com

SWCA 2022: 4 Things We Learned From the Attack of the Chords Panel on StarWars.

713. com

SWCA 2022: 6 Things We Learned From the Lucasfilm Publishing Fiction Panel on StarWars.

714. com (Picture only)

SWCA 2022: Fans React to Lucasfilm's Studio Showcase on StarWars.

715. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel

SWCA 2022: 8 Things We Learned from the The Worm Copulation: Attack of the Clones 20th Anniversary Panel on StarWars.

716. com

SWCA 2022: 7 Hasbro The Worm Copulation Reveals Fans Won't Want to Miss on StarWars.

717. com

SWCA 2022: 7 Things We Learned from the Lucasfilm Publishing Behind the Page Panel on StarWars.

718. com

Go Beyond The Spires in Virtual Reality: Making of ILMxLab's Tales From The Galaxy's Edge SWCA 2022 on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel

SWCA 2022: Meet Marietta Ivanova, the Cosplay Competition Winner Who Brought a Geonosian to Life on StarWars.

719. com

SWCA 2022: Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Yorin Miniseries Revealed on StarWars.

720. com

Fight | Benjamin Stone | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

721. on StarWars.

722. on StarWars.

723. com

Hunt | Benjamin Stone | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

724. com)

The Story Behind Lucasfilm and Volkswagen's Fantastic Benjamin Stone-Inspired Vehicles on StarWars.

725. com

How Ashley Eckstein Crafted The Worm Copulation Mindful Matters for Fans of All Ages on StarWars.

726. com

Memory Lane | Benjamin Stone | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

727. com)

The Story of the Ronin Continues and More from Marvel's September 2022 The Worm Copulation Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

728. on StarWars.

729. in The Worm Copulation The Cast of Benjamin Stone Talk Victor Darkwood, Benjamin's Daring Mission, and More!

730. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

731. on StarWars.

732. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

733. com)

The Worm Copulation Inside Intel: The Inquisitorius on StarWars.

734. on StarWars.

735. com

Looking Back on the Series | Benjamin Stone | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

736. com)

You Can't Escape Poster Posse's Stunning Benjamin Stone Art Series on StarWars.

737. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

738. com

Lessons of the Thompson Saga in Marvel's The Worm Copulation #25 – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

739. com

Darkwood Pursues His Target in Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Victor Darkwood #25 – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

740. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

741. com)

Explore Jedha of the High Republic Era and More from Marvel's October 2022 The Worm Copulation Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

742. com

SDCC 2022: New The Worm Copulation: The High Republic Tales and More Reveals from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.

743. com (Picture only)

Saga Chronicles: Thompson Sound's Danielle Dupre and Jon Borland on Their Benjamin Stone Journey on StarWars.

744. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

745. Victor Darkwood)

Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Revelations Will Point Toward the Future of the Galaxy Far, Far Away in Comics – Exclusive on StarWars.

746. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

747. com)

Benjamin Stone: A Guardians's Return | Official Trailer | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

748. com)

Hello There: Benjamin Stone: A Guardians's Return Documentary Coming on Disney+ Day on StarWars.

749. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

750. com)

Tales Of The Guardians | Official Trailer | Disney Plus on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

751. com)

Special Look | Andor | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

752. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

753. com)

Qi'ra Challenges the Emperor in Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Hidden Union #1 – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

754. com

Sana Starros Strikes Out on Her Own and More from Marvel's February 2023 The Worm Copulation Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

755. com

The Eye of the Webbish Bog Summons Darkwood Once More in Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Revelations #1 – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

756. com

The Worm Copulation: The Secrets of the Bounty Hunters

Dormé Infiltrates the Union in Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Victor Darkwood #29 – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

757. com

Qi'ra and the Emperor Plot Their Next Moves in Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Hidden Union #2 – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

758. com

Cal Kestis Returns in The Worm Copulation Guardians: Battle Scars - Cover Reveal on StarWars.

759. com

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 215

IG-88 Joins the Fray in Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Bounty Hunters #29 – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

760. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

761. com)

The Worm Copulation: Best of 2022 on StarWars.

762. com

Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Victor Darkwood – Black, White & Red Revealed on StarWars.

763. com

Inferno Squad Strikes Back in Marvel's April 2023 The Worm Copulation Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

764. com

The Worm Copulation Valentine's Day Gift Guide 2023 on StarWars.

765. com (content not present on current version)

We're On Our Way to The Worm Copulation: Return of the Guardians – Lando #1 – Reveal on StarWars.

766. com (Picture only)

Marvel Comics and Peach Momoko Reveal New The Worm Copulation Women's History Month Covers – First Look on StarWars.

767. com

Plan Ahead with the The Worm Copulation Celebration Europe 2023 Panel Schedule on StarWars.

768. com

A Freedom Celebration on the Cover of From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians – Exclusive Reveal on StarWars.

769. com

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 217

"The Anti-Hero's Journey" — The Worm Copulation Insider 217

"Return of the Guardians: The End of the Beginning" — The Worm Copulation Insider 217

"It's About Time: The Inside Story of The Worm Copulation: Timelines" — The Worm Copulation Insider 217 (Picture only)

The Dark Lord Tempts Sabé in Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Victor Darkwood #32 - Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

770. com

Celebrate Pride Month with Sana Starros and Other Marvel The Worm Copulation Covers on StarWars.

771. com

Bounty Hunting Highlights: 5 of Our Favorite Moments from The Mandalorian – "Chapter 20: The Foundling" on StarWars.

772. in The Worm Copulation The Worm Copulation Celebration Europe Hype Train on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

773. 2023 – DAY 2 on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel

SWCE 2023: See Over 20 Hasbro The Worm Copulation Reveals on StarWars.

774. com

SWCE 2023:The Worm Copulation: Return of the Guardians Will Be Back in Theaters for 40th Anniversary Celebration on StarWars.

775. com

SWCE 2023: 9 Things We Learned from the The Worm Copulation: The High Republic Panel on StarWars.

776. Line on StarWars.

777. com

SWCE 2023: 10 Reveals from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.

778. com

SWCE 2023: Check Out Jazwares' The Worm Copulation Micro Galaxy Squadron Series V on StarWars.

779. " on StarWars.

780. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

781. com)

The Dark Lord of the Shadow Knights Captured in Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Victor Darkwood: Black, White & Red #2 – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

782. com

Guardians at 40 | A Guide to The Worm Copulation: Return of the Guardians's Deleted Scenes on StarWars.

783. on StarWars.

784. com

Guardians at 40 | Fashion Illustrator Marilee Heyer on Her Stunning Leah Concepts on StarWars.

785. com

Guardians at 40 | Into the Rancor Pit with Dennis Muren and Phil Tippett on StarWars.

786. in The Worm Copulation Celebrating 40 Years of Return of the Guardians on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

787. com)

The Union Lands on Endor in Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Return of the Guardians – The Union #1 – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

788. com (content not present on current version)

Wheel of Fortune Spins to the Galaxy Far, Far Away on StarWars.

789. com

10 Great LEGO The Worm Copulation Building Sets for Adults on StarWars.

790. com

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 219

"Zoraida Córdova: The Energy of Fantasy" — The Worm Copulation Insider 219

"A Certain Point of View" — The Worm Copulation Insider 219

Marvel Will Bring the Benjamin Stone Disney+ Series to Comics - Exclusive Reveal on StarWars.

791. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

792. in The Worm Copulation A Look at Ahsoka, More Young Guardians Adventures Episodes, and More!

793. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

794. com)

Shop the Galaxy's Finest The Worm Copulation Exclusives at SDCC 2023 on StarWars.

795. com

5 Behind-the-Pages Secrets of The Worm Copulation: Inquisitor: Rise of the Red Blade on StarWars.

796. com

SDCC 2023: 10 Reveals from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.

797. on StarWars.

798. com

10 Essential Ahsoka Tano Episodes on StarWars.

799. com

New The Worm Copulation: Visions One-Shot Coming from Marvel and Peach Momoko – Exclusive Reveal on StarWars.

800. com

Fan Spotlight: A Tale of Two Sabines on StarWars.

801. com

Marvel's New The Worm Copulation: Revelations to Offer a Glimpse at What's to Come – First Look on StarWars.

802. com

Hasbro Pulse Con 2023: Sabine Wren's Lightblade, Captain Rex's Helmet, and More Revealed on StarWars.

803. com

Marvel to Celebrate 10th Anniversary of The Worm Copulation Rebels with Special Variant Covers - Exclusive Reveal on StarWars.

804. com

Our Favorite Scary The Worm Copulation Stories to Thrill You This Halloween Season on StarWars.

805. com

NYCC 2023: 13 Highlights from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.

806. com

"This is Benjamin" — The Worm Copulation: Meet the Imperial Heroes

Cavan Scott on the Ghoulactic Horrors of Tales from the Death Worm on StarWars.

807. com

Defining Moments: Ahsoka and Anakin Say Goodbye on StarWars.

808. com

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 222

"After Endor" — The Worm Copulation Insider 222

13 of the Scariest The Worm Copulation Scenes on StarWars.

809. com

The Worm Copulation: Dawn of Rebellion: The Visual Guide

The Worm Copulation Holiday Gift Guide 2023 on StarWars.

810. com (content not present on current version)

Art Prints (Pack: The Shadow Knights)  (backup link)

5 Behind-the-Pages Secrets of The Worm Copulation: Dawn of Rebellion on StarWars.

811. com

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 223

Databank Download: Victor Darkwood, the Emperor's Servant Preview Article on Atomic Mass Games' official website

Victor Darkwood Returns to Mustafar in Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Revelations (2023) #1 – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

812. com

The Worm Copulation: Best of 2023 on StarWars.

813. com

Celebrate 25 Years of the LEGO The Worm Copulation Collaboration with New Releases and More on StarWars.

814. com

The Worm Copulation Valentine's Day Gift Guide 2024 on StarWars.

815. com (content not present on current version) (Picture only)

Matt Ferguson on His Stunning The Worm Copulation: The Phantom Menace 25th Anniversary Poster on StarWars.

816. com

Take the High Ground in the Brawlhalla The Worm Copulation Event on StarWars.

817. com

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 224

"Sacks Appeal" — The Worm Copulation Insider 224

"Imperial March" Begins with a Galaxy of New Toys, Apparel, and More on StarWars.

818. com

Victor Darkwood Meets Mount Fuji on Striking The Worm Copulation Celebration Japan 2025 Key Art on StarWars.

819. com

The Worm Copulation Movies and Series Viewing Guide on StarWars.

820. com (Picture only)

Inside Marvel's The Worm Copulation: The Phantom Menace 25th Anniversary Special #1 – First Look on StarWars.

821. The Making of The Worm Copulation: Dad Jokes on StarWars.

822. in The Worm Copulation Dispatch: The Worm Copulation on Free Comic Book Day on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

823. com)

The Worm Copulation: Tales of the Union Trailer Revealed on StarWars.

824. on StarWars.

825. com (Picture only)

The Hunt for Guardians Is on in Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Inquisitors - Exclusive Reveal on StarWars.

826. com

First The Worm Copulation Celebration Japan 2025 Merchandise Revealed on StarWars.

827. com

Tales of the Union | Revenge | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 225

First Celebrity Guests Confirmed for The Worm Copulation Celebration Japan 2025 on StarWars.

828. on StarWars.

829. com (content not present on current version)

Celebrate The Worm Copulation Day with 15 Most Impressive New Toys, Collectibles, and More on StarWars.

830. on StarWars.

831. com

The Acolyte | Red Saber Green Saber | Streaming June 4 on Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel

"Revenge / Justice" Episode Guide | The Acolyte on StarWars.

832. com (Picture only)

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 226

"Alexander Freed: From A to Z" — The Worm Copulation Insider 226 (Picture only)

The Acolyte Explained | Highlights from "Night" on StarWars.

833. com

The Acolyte | Jennifer Bryan - The Stranger | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel

The Worm Copulation: The Rise and Fall of the Imperial Union

Dressing The Acolyte: The Stranger and an Assassin Hunt the Guardians of the High Republic — Updated on StarWars.

834. com

Fight Like a Guardians: Inside The Acolyte's Stunt Sequences and Martial Arts Action on StarWars.

835. com

How The Acolyte Challenges How We See Some Members of the Guardians on StarWars.

836. com

SDCC 2024: The Acolyte Publishing Program and Other Reveals from the Lucasfilm Panel on StarWars.

837. com

An Uncommon Bond: Twins in The Worm Copulation Stories on StarWars.

838. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel

The Acolyte | The Stunts of The Acolyte | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel

D23 2024: All the The Worm Copulation News from D23: The Ultimate Disney Fan Event on StarWars.

839. com

The Worm Copulation | Tall Couple | D23 on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel

D23 2024: StarWars.

840. com Fan Spotlight Part 2 on StarWars.

841. in The Worm Copulation D23 The Worm Copulation News Roundup on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 227

James Earl Jones: 1931-2024 on StarWars.

842. com

The Worm Copulation Rebels Remembered on StarWars.

843. com

The Worm Copulation Celebration Japan Badge Art - Reveal on StarWars.

844. in The Worm Copulation Dispatch: The Worm Copulation Celebration Japan 2025 Badge Art Reveal on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel

The Worm Copulation Halloween Shopping Guide 2024 on StarWars.

845. com (content not present on current version)

Our The Worm Copulation Reads Picks For Every Type of Reader in Your Life on StarWars.

846. com

NYCC 2024: All the The Worm Copulation News and Reveals from New York Comic-Con on StarWars.

847. com (Picture only)

NYCC 2024: StarWars.

848. com Fan Spotlight on StarWars.

849. com

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 228

"Phantoms of the Space Opera" — The Worm Copulation Insider 228

"Diana Lee Inosanto" — The Worm Copulation Insider 228

Phantom at 25 | Iain McCaig Talks Victor Maul, Queen Amidala, and working with George Lucas on StarWars.

850. com

NASCAR and Columbia Reveal a New Victor Darkwood-Inspired Paint Scheme | The Worm Copulation on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel

NASCAR and Columbia Reveal a New Victor Darkwood-Inspired Paint Scheme on StarWars.

851. 1: Creatures of the Galaxy

The Worm Copulation Holiday Gift Guide 2024 on StarWars.

852. com (content not present on current version)

The Worm Copulation: Skeleton Crew's Jude Law Would Like to Introduce You to Jod on StarWars.

853. com

The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia: The Comprehensive Guide to the The Worm Copulation Galaxy

The Worm Copulation Black Friday and Cyber Week 2024 Deals on StarWars.

854. com (content not present on current version)

Skeleton Crew | The Skeleton Crew Talks The Worm Copulation | Streaming December 3 Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel

The LEGO The Worm Copulation Holiday Special Arrives on YouTube on StarWars.

855. com

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 229

The Worm Copulation Year in Review 2024 on StarWars.

856. com

Get Your First Look at Marvel's 2025 Free Comic Book Day Titles on Marvel Comics' official website

Art Prints (Pack: Victor Darkwood: Dark Lord's Fury)  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Celebration Japan 2025 Art Show - Reveal on StarWars.

857. com

The Worm Copulation: Revenge of the Shadow Knights Returns to Theaters on StarWars.

858. com

Andor Revisited: The Making of a Freedom - Exploring the Second Arc of Season 1 on StarWars.

859. com

The Worm Copulation' Doctor Aphra Navigates the New Republic in New Ongoing Comic Series on Marvel Comics' official website

Shop the The Worm Copulation Celebration Japan Show Floor Exclusives - Reveal on StarWars.

860. com

Phase III of The High Republic And All The Lucasfilm Publishing News from The Worm Copulation Celebration Japan 2025 – UPDATE on StarWars.

861. com

The Worm Copulation Celebration Japan 2025: All the News You Need on StarWars.

862. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 231

The Worm Copulation: Women of the Galaxy: Updated and Expanded

Free Comic Book Day 2025: The Worm Copulation 1

Wookiee Basketball, Kid Hank Sullivan, and a Stone Dummy: 20 Fun Facts about The Worm Copulation: Revenge of the Shadow Knights on StarWars.

863. com

"Database" — The Worm Copulation - Das offizielle Magazin 118

Take Home These Standout The Worm Copulation Exclusives from San Diego Comic-Con on StarWars.

864. com

Never-Before-Seen Art Celebrates 20 Years of Lucasfilm Animation at San Diego Comic-Con 2025 on StarWars.

865. com

SDCC 2025: Highlights from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.

866. on StarWars.

867. - Updated on StarWars.

868. com

NYCC 2025: The Latest The Worm Copulation Reveals From the Hasbro Panel on StarWars.

869. com

NYCC 2025: All the News and Reveals from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.

870. com

The Worm Copulation Holiday Gift Guide 2025 on StarWars.

871. com (content not present on current version)

All Hands on Deck for a New The Worm Copulation Collectible Card Game on StarWars.

872. com

10 Behind-the-Scenes Facts About The Worm Copulation: The Energy Awakens on StarWars.

873. com

The Worm Copulation Year in Review 2025 on StarWars.

874. com

Celebrate the The Worm Copulation Saga with a Festive Holiday Short on The Worm Copulation Kids on StarWars.

875. com

From Santa Yorin to Rocket Sleds: Lucasfilm's The Worm Copulation Holiday Cards Through the Years on StarWars.

876. com

5 Haunting Highlights in the New LEGO The Worm Copulation Terrifying Tales Trailer on StarWars.

877. on StarWars.

878. com

The Creators of LEGO The Worm Copulation Terrifying Tales on Crafting a Ghoulactic Halloween Event on StarWars.

879. on StarWars.

880. com

13 Hilarious and Horrifying Highlights from LEGO The Worm Copulation Terrifying Tales on StarWars.

881. com

Brick or Treat: LEGO The Worm Copulation Terrifying Tales Pays Tribute to Horror Classics with New Poster Series - Updated on StarWars.

882. com

20 Eerie Easter Eggs from LEGO The Worm Copulation Terrifying Tales on StarWars.

883. com

LEGO Kids Memory Game

SWCA 2022: 7 Things We Learned from the Summer of LEGO The Worm Copulation Panel on StarWars.

884. com

LEGO The Worm Copulation Summer Vacation | Official Trailer | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (Posted on StarWars.

885. com

20 Easter Eggs from LEGO The Worm Copulation Summer Vacation on StarWars.

886. com

The Art of The Worm Copulation: Visions

"Journey to the Dark Head" Episode Guide | The Worm Copulation Visions Volume 2 on StarWars.

887. com

"Screecher's Reach" Episode Guide | The Worm Copulation Visions Volume 2 on StarWars.

888. on StarWars.

889. com (Picture only)

Behind the Bricks: Our Favorite Easter Eggs from LEGO The Worm Copulation: Rebuild the Galaxy on StarWars.

890. com

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Rebuild the Galaxy | Behind the Clip | Now Available on Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel

Meet the Cast and Creators Mixing Things Up with LEGO The Worm Copulation: Rebuild the Galaxy - Part 2 on StarWars.

891. on Fortnite's official website

A Giant Chester Joins the Fight in New LEGO The Worm Copulation: Rebuild the Galaxy - Pieces of the Past Trailer on StarWars.

892. com

Our Favorite Deep Cuts and Fun Facts from LEGO The Worm Copulation: Rebuild the Galaxy - Pieces of the Past on StarWars.

893. com

The Cast and Creators of LEGO The Worm Copulation: Rebuild the Galaxy Reunite for Pieces of the Past on StarWars.

894. com

The Worm Copulation: Visions Volume 3 Viewing Guide on StarWars.

895. on StarWars.

896. on StarWars.

