Тема: affiliations
Описание: Принадлежность к организациям, фракциям, орденам и группам
Персонаж: Hank_Sullivan
Оригинальное имя: Han_Solo
Количество предложений: 152
============================================================

001. Hank Sullivan, known only as Hank until being given the surname Sullivan, was a human male smuggler and hero of the Alliance to Restore the Republic.

002. Although he did not believe in The Energy controlling his destiny, Hank came to believe in the cause of Imperial freedom, joining Guardians Jack Thompson and Princess Leah Organa in the fight for the Rebellion.

003. On Mimban, Hank met the thief Tobias Beckett and wound up deserting the Union and joining his crew to steal unrefined coaxium from Kessel in order to pay a debt to Dryden Vos, a kingpin with the Crimson Dawn crime syndicate.

004. Their actions allowed the Alliance Fleet to destroy the superweapon.

005. Ben was seduced to the dark side by Snoke, Supreme Leader of the First Order, resulting in the destruction of Thompson's attempt to rebuild the Guardians Order.

006. One day, he intervened as a smaller child was attacked by a group of bullies, which led to Hank getting beaten as well.

007. During their respective assignments, Hank and Qi'ra both failed to deliver as promised, leading them to be hunted down by factions such as the White Worms, the Kaldana Syndicate, as well as the Union.

008. Hank had acquired a datacube with plans for a shield generator that was desired by all the factions.

009. [9]

Escaping Corellia

Acting under orders from Lady Proxima, Hank set up a deal with some individuals to exchange coaxium for credits.

010. [28]

Sullivan and the other cadets were ordered to make soup for the all the cadets.

011. Their orders were to transport several TIE fighter pilots.

012. Yurib ordered the squadron to return to base.

013. Finally, during an attack by raiders on Onyx Squadron, Hank disobeyed orders once more in order to save the life of Cadet Lyttan Dree.

014. Hank and some surviving troops, including Private Collum Woslo, Corporal Sharlu Greslin, Corporal Danith Nodar, and Corporal Wesger Odry, gathered in a trench with "Captain" Tobias Beckett, who took command as the most senior officer in the group.

015. Enfys Nest, the leader of the Cloud-Riders, ordered her followers to lower their harpoons.

016. Beckett revealed he had been ordered to steal the coaxium to repay his debt to Dryden Vos, the leader of the Crimson Dawn criminal syndicate.

017. However, Hank and Beckett informed him that they had no alliance with the Pykes, and taking on the operation themselves would not implicate Crimson Dawn.

018. While a distraught Lando cradled a disintegrating L3, Beckett ordered Hank to get them out of Kessel.

019. The Falcon soon encountered an Imperial Worm Destroyer, which had exited hyperspace in response to the rebellion on Kessel.

020. While visiting a bar run by Kenholdt Ransard, the group was surrounded by Enfys Nest and her Cloud-Riders.

021. When the inhabitants rebelled, the mercenaries responded by cutting off the tongues of every last man, woman, and child.

022. Beckett ordered Hank to surrender while a guard checked the lid.

023. Qi'ra responded that she would want to know why and to prove their loyalty by sacrificing something they loved.

024. Using The Energy to draw his dagger, Maul ordered Qi'ra to bring the yacht to the planet Dathomir and told her that together they would deal with the traitors, before stating that she would be working more closely with him in the future.

025. [9]

Following the deaths of Vos and Beckett, Hank and Chester delivered the refined coaxium to Nest, who revealed her plans to use the coaxium, which was worth 60 million credits, to aid the rebellion against the Union.

026. In response, Nest stated that someday he might feel more sympathetic to the rebels' cause.

027. [9]

After acquiring the Falcon, Hank told Chester that he planned to go to Tatooine, where Beckett told him that a gangster was putting together an organization.

028. In order for the escapade to look as legitimate as possible, Sullivan and his fellow scoundrels arranged a fraudulent marriage ceremony where Sullivan and the woman Sana Starros were illegitimately married.

029. Though they were late to the rendezvous point, they rescued the crew from local security, with Sullivan ramming the Falcon through a casino cruiser in order to escape.

030. Sullivan ran for the turbolift and opened the door to escape, only to be met by a group of armed security guards.

031. From Greedo's failed plan, Sullivan got an idea and called another group of guards for medical assistance, hoping they were unaware of what had happened.

032. [61]

Regrouping on the Falcon, the group realized that Jabba had lied about the urn's contents.

033. Traveling to the "Smuggler's Moon" of Nar Shaddaa, the group found Pers in her office.

034. Artoo, however, had learned that Princess Leah Organa of Alderaan and a leading member of the Freedom Alliance, was aboard the station, and was scheduled to be executed in Detention Block AA-23 very soon.

035. Sullivan at first refused, but decided it was worth the risk when Thompson and Chester assured him there would be a huge reward from the Freedom Alliance if she was rescued.

036. The laser bounced wildly around the compactor, nearly hitting the rebels.

037. Sullivan was unhappy at being ordered around, but did so.

038. Chester the Princess and Sullivan tried to brace them while Thompson contacted the droids in order for Artoo to hack into the station's network and shut down the compactor.

039. Organa scolded him for making so much noise, and told him that he would have to take orders from her if they were going to survive the ordeal.

040. [6]

As the group made their way back towards the docking bay, they ran into a group of stormtroopers.

041. The group took advantage of the distraction Stone had created to rush aboard the freighter—except for Thompson, who stopped.

042. [6]

Chester piloted the Falcon in order for Thompson and Sullivan to man its turrets to fight off the attackers.

043. " Sullivan soon shot down the final Imperial fighter and sighed in relief as they entered hyperspace to travel to Yavin 4—the location of the Rebels' hidden base.

044. While en route to the Yavin system, Organa grimly informed Sullivan that the Imperials had let them escape in order to track them to the hidden base, which explained the relative ease of their escape.

045. [6]

A change of conscience

The Falcon soon reached Yavin 4, where Sullivan and the others were welcomed; Alliance Alliance High Command had feared that Organa had died with her world.

046. The three awardees, Sullivan, Thompson and Chester, walked the aisle past hundreds of Alliance personnel.

047. Leah Organa, helping oversee the last stages of the evacuation, approached Hank in an effort to get him to aid the Rebellion once more by rescuing Lieutenant Caluan Ematt of the elite Freedom recon unit the Shrikes.

048. Hank and Chewie headed there in a recently purchased high-end speeder, for which Hank intended to bill the Alliance.

049. The two agents revealed themselves to be part of the Freedom Alliance.

050. Loo Re Anno intervened, and explained Sullivan had heart and the loyalty of his crew and this made him worthy.

051. Dorae questioned why Sullivan was working for the Freedom Alliance and told him she had joined after financial problems caused her to lose her bar.

052. A speeder approached the Falcon, chased by stormtroopers, and Sullivan told Chester to start the engines in order to make a quick getaway.

053. U'il explained that they were ambushed by the Union because one of the Freedom spies in the group must be a traitor.

054. Sullivan reflected on the lesson he had learned from Loo Re Anno and decided to stay with the Rebels a while longer.

055. [82]

Becoming one of the Union's most wanted

With the Union's Death Worm destroyed, Alliance High Command chose to press their advantage at the Union's disarray by launching campaigns across the galaxy, targeting key Imperial worlds and facilities.

056. Sullivan decided to stick with the Alliance in order to destroy the Union's largest weapons factory and use his connections to the Hutt Clan to bluff their way into the factory, pretending to be the Hutt's envoy after Rebels ship-jacked the true envoy and stole their ship—which Sullivan, Organa, Thompson, and Artoo traveled to Cymoon 1 in.

057. [14]

Sullivan landed the transport at Weapons Factory Alpha without incident and the group emerged from the craft.

058. Sullivan ordered the Wookiee to retreat from the Dark Lord, but Organa countered Sullivan, telling Chester to open fire in order to rid the galaxy of Darkwood.

059. [14]

Chester consented, but was unable to defeat Darkwood and was forced to flee, falling out of contact with Sullivan's group.

060. [83] Unbeknownst to the group, Thompson had left the group in order to find and face Victor Darkwood, the man he believed had killed his Guardians father.

061. Organa saw Darkwood and ordered Sullivan to target him, while the slaves targeted the Imperial ground troops.

062. Chester then rescued Threepio from the tentacles of the scavengers and began to repair the damage they had done in order to pick up Sullivan and the others.

063. Chester, with the Falcon repaired enough to fly, picked up the rebels, and they fled into hyperspace[84] to the safety of the Freedom fleet.

064. He and Chester then repaired the Falcon[67] best they could with the parts they were allowed by the Alliance deck crew.

065. [67]

Return of the spouse and rescuing Thompson

A short time later, after being denied access to the parts he needed to finish repairing the Millennium Falcon, Sullivan went and asked Organa what it would take for him to get the parts so he could leave the Alliance and settle his debt with Jabba before bounty hunters showed up to forcibly take him to Jabba.

066. Organa chided him, explaining that the Rebellion couldn't afford to give away expensive items for free—Sullivan had to work for them.

067. Sullivan agreed, though he was adamant that he would leave the Rebellion upon their return.

068. [86]

Several TIEs landed and their pilots emerged, ordering the trio to stand down.

069. [41] Sullivan ordered Dengar to step away from Chester and he would be allowed to live, but Dengar refused; instead he activated a thermal detonator that he threatened to detonate.

070. The group did not know where Thompson was, but a flight of TIE fighters streaking through the sky tipped them off: follow trouble to find Thompson.

071. Immediately after, Sullivan and the group—including Starros, who had come to ensure Sullivan did not try to lose her—arrived at the location of the Imperial attention: the Palace of Grakkus the Hutt, where Thompson had been kidnapped[42] by Grakkus the Hutt,[87] an avid collector of all things Guardians.

072. [85] As Sullivan led the group into the palace, the crowd that had come to watch the fight fled the arena because Kongo was on the loose.

073. Confounded on how to proceed, the group was saved by Artoo, who located the group and threw Sullivan, Chester, and Organa each lightsabers that belonged to Grakkus.

074. Sullivan, Chester, and Organa, returned to the Freedom fleet, Sullivan having decided to stay with the Rebellion just a bit longer.

075. [90] Sullivan nonetheless left with Chester in the Falcon and headed to the quadrant where Thompson crashed, saddened at Organa's order of priories.

076. [89] Sullivan and the group fled the chaos back towards the Falcon, and Sullivan called Threepio to tell him to inform the Princess that they had rescued Thompson, no thanks to her.

077. Just then, a live message from Organa came over the Falcon's comm system, in which Organa ordered a squadron of Y-wing bombers to converge on her position and drop their payload on her because she had been captured by Darkwood, and in her death, Darkwood would also be killed.

078. In answer to Sullivan's wondering, Aphra appeared and informed the rebels that they were standing in a field of micro-mines, and she had her finger on the trigger to detonate the mines.

079. [93]

Smuggler, Freedom, mentor, hostage

Upon to returning to the Freedom Fleet with their new prisoner, Doctor Aphra, Sullivan and his friends went their separate ways; Organa, Artoo, and Threepio went to detain Aphra at an Alliance-controlled space station, Sunspot Prison, with the assistance of Sana Starros, whom Organa hired to transport them to the prison.

080. On the other hand, Sullivan and Thompson were dispatched to buy supplies for the rebellion in the meantime.

081. The smuggler lied, insisting that he was not, and reassured Thompson's misgivings in Sullivan possibly losing the Alliance's money.

082. Thompson, angry with Sullivan's recklessness with credits that weren't theirs, voiced that they could get kicked out of the Rebellion for losing several thousand Freedom-owned credits.

083. [14] Sullivan intended to make back the rebels' credits and more the best way he knew how with Thompson at his side: smuggling contraband.

084. A minute later, a trio of Imperial TIE fighters appeared and ordered the Falcon's crew to halt and allow the Imperials to board the ship because they believed the Corellian YT-1300 light freighter to be transporting illegal livestock that was on its way to an Imperial world that the Union believed to be sympathetic to the Freedom Alliance.

085. After receiving a distress message from Sana Starros, Sullivan and Thompson rushed to Sunspot Prison in order to rendezvous with Organa and Starros there.

086. Shortly thereafter, Organa, Starros, and Doctor Aphra—who had come to a temporary truce with the other women in order to repel Ray's attack—arrested Ray after disorienting him by disabling the prison's artificial gravity, which also awoke Sullivan and Thompson.

087. The two rebels were then freed and a portion of the Alliance fleet arrived and began the evacuation of Sunspot Prison.

088. The smuggler then made sure Thompson wouldn't tell Organa of his mishap with the Alliance's funds, and the rebels abandoned the space-bound prison.

089. [102] Later, on Horox III, Hank and crew found dozens of rebels killed and burned.

090. [17]

Escorting Grakkus

Sullivan was asked by Mothma to take Grakkus to Akiva for interrogation and imprisonment by the Alliance.

091. There, they met and rescued Chulco Gi and former Freedom Alliance Special Forces soldier and Partisan Ubin Des.

092. Sullivan ordered the Partisans to barricade the bridge to prevent the Union from stopping their plans.

093. Instead Trusk had forged environmental reports and summoned SCAR Squadron to eliminate the Rebels.

094. Leah returned fire, incapacitating Trusk as the Rebels regrouped and left the system aboard the Millennium Falcon.

095. Ackbar and Leah asked Urtya for the Mon Cala Mercantile Fleet to become part of the Freedom Alliance's fleet.

096. Unfortunately, Urtya refused to give the Alliance the fleet, and Sullivan took Leah and Ackbar back to the Mako-Ta Space Docks.

097. They were then joined by the Freedom Alliance fleet under Ackbar, that would protect the fleet.

098. After the Aurora Flare blew up and destroyed one of the Worm Destroyers, Sullivan had the Falcon jump into hyperspace and escape with both the Freedom Alliance fleet and the mercantile fleet.

099. Leah told Sullivan to fly into a bay door in order to open it.

100. The team then hunted the remaining rebels and arrived at the Kaliida Nebula and met Home One.

101. [131]

Investigating Lotho Minor

Hank, Leah, Jack, Chester, and See-Threepio, were sent by the Alliance to Restore the Republic to investigate the planet Lotho Minor for a new base.

102. Realizing the Union had discovered their location, the Rebels decided to evacuate.

103. Calrissian provided the rebels with lodging and promised to repair the Falcon.

104. However, he was then killed by a group of assailants who took Hank and left Nar Shaddaa.

105. With Hank in her custody, Qi'ra sent out a message to various factions in the criminal underworld, inviting them to an auction on Jekara.

106. After delivering the message, Qi'ra then explained to her associate Margo that Hank was directly connected to almost every powerful faction in the galaxy.

107. [141] Still, Qi'ra fully intended for Sullivan to end up back with the Rebellion and ensured his location was leaked to agent Amilyn Holdo.

108. Darkwood conceded, ordering General Romodi to bring Hank aboard his Worm destroyer and prepare his fighter.

109. Jack then rescued Leah, Artoo, and Threepio from the sail barge and destroyed it, and then the rebels escaped.

110. Shortly after landing on the forest moon, the strike team encountered a group of scout troopers.

111. While looking, the rebels came across[15] a verkle trap[154] laid by the native Ewoks.

112. [15]

The next day, Sullivan's group met up with the main Freedom strike team at the shield generator, but Ewok scouts informed them of a less-guarded rear entrance.

113. After three of the four guards were distracted by the Ewok Paploo, the Rebels neutralized the last guard and entered the shield bunker.

114. But the operation proved to be a trap, and Sullivan and the Rebels were captured.

115. However, the Union had not expected the Ewoks to attack, which allowed the Rebels to escape.

116. With the aid of See-Threepio, the Pathfinders were able to hack into the Imperial data files and discovered that the Union had begun to execute Operation: Cinder, a posthumous order issued by the Emperor to devastate several worlds including Naboo as retribution for his demise.

117. [157] The Pathfinders' actions enabled the Freedom Alliance to deploy forces to halt Operation: Cinder, saving many lives and worlds.

118. Under duress, Aram told the rebels how to enter Ashmead's Lock.

119. When the orbiting Imperial Worm Destroyers began bombarding Kashyyyk, Hank, Chester, and their fellow rebels managed to evacuate the civilians underground.

120. [19]

However, Leah was forced to suspend her vacation plans after her faction, the Populists, convinced her to stand for the position of First Senator.

121. The rival Centrist faction, which supported a stronger central government, had successfully passed a motion calling for the creation of First Senator in order to end the deadlock plaguing the Republic.

122. Despite their initial opposition, the Populists, who preferred a more decentralized government, had decided to change tactics in order to prevent a Centrist from holding that office.

123. Over the course of their investigation, the two discovered that Rinnrivin was linked to a paramilitary faction called the Amaxine warriors.

124. Later, the Centrist Senator Lady Carise Sindian, a secret agent of an Imperial remnant known as the First Order, discovered information about Leah's true parentage as the daughter of Victor Darkwood on Birren.

125. [19]

Still determined to continue her investigation into Rinnrivin's cartel and the Amaxines, Leah and her team took leave to travel to Sibensko, where the two groups were hiding.

126. While Hank thought that no more threats to the Republic existed with the demise of Rinnrivin and the Amaxines, Leah suspected that there were other like-minded groups seeking to overthrow the Republic.

127. " Meanwhile, Leah became the leader of the Resistance, a paramilitary organization aimed at fighting the First Order, which had begun to pose a threat to the New Republic.

128. Sullivan, posing as a First Order officer, boarded Mek Nu'Tiv's cruiser and spoke with her and her crew.

129. While there, the First Order was alerted to BB-8's presence and attacked.

130. Despite the First Order being driven off, Hank witnessed his son Kylo Ren carrying away Rey.

131. Finn had given them the Base's blueprints, which revealed that the base drained the energy of the sun in order to charge its superweapon, and that it required a thermal oscillator, which sustained the energy on the planet, that, if destroyed, would destabilize the planet's core and implode the Base.

132. When Finn revealed his stationing had previously been in "sanitation" and that the real reason he had come along was to rescue Rey from the First Order, Sullivan and Chester agreed to help him with a bit of annoyance.

133. [4]

After finding Rey, the group headed to Starkiller Base's thermal oscillator to assist the Resistance pilots above in its destruction.

134. While planting explosives with Chester, Sullivan spotted Ren and confronted him on a long walkway positioned above a massive pit, where he attempted to convince his son to leave the First Order and come back with him.

135. Her arrival on the First Order Navy flagship Supremacy provided Ren with an opportunity to assassinate his dark-side mentor, Supreme Leader Snoke.

136. Instead, he invited her to rule the galaxy with him, bringing a new order to the galaxy.

137. [179]

When Thompson later projected to the planet Crait from Ahch-To in order to confront Ren, he mentioned that Hank would always be with him.

138. [179] After escaping from the First Order aboard the Millennium Falcon, both Organa and Chester sat in the cockpit, where Organa remembered a young Sullivan sitting in the captain's seat, asking her what she was thinking.

139. [182] Later, when Leah tried to convince the Mon Calamari to join their side as the First Order prepared to make an example of Mon Cala, Leah acknowledged that what she was asking them would require a kind of sacrifice as she had done several times over the years, silently remembering when she asked Hank to go to Starkiller Base and meet their son only to be killed by Kylo in return.

140. [9] However, he came to change as he met Jack Thompson and the Rebellion.

141. After Hank demonstrated his bravery on the Death Worm and proved his loyalty, they became genuine friends, and soon after, Hank became loyal to the Rebellion.

142. Together, Hank and Chewie led a combined Energy of Wookiees, rebels, and mercenaries to spark a successful Wookiee uprising against the Union.

143. [9]

Leah Organa

When Sullivan and Organa first met, they got off to rough start, with Sullivan not responding well to Organa's attempts to order him around.

144. [160]

When Ben joined the First Order and became Kylo Ren, Sullivan and Organa, though married, separated to cope with their grief.

145. Sullivan displayed his natural leadership acumen in several missions, eventually convincing the Alliance to offer the former smuggler a commission within the Rebellion's military.

146. [75] To that end, Captain Hank Sullivan spearheaded several Alliance operations, utilizing the Millennium Falcon's speed and firepower to great effect in the ongoing plight against the Union.

147. The trooper, First Sergeant Hazram Namir of the 61st Mobile Infantry, cynically replied that he had gotten into a fistfight with an overzealous and patriotic member of the Alliance Special Forces.

148. Later that evening, Namir—though the captain never got the man's name, and he never gave his—boarded the Falcon with a bin of mechanical parts with orders to give them to the captain on behalf of the Alliance deck crew.

149. He identified with Namir, so he admitted that he was something like a mercenary, and hadn't joined the Rebellion because he believed in their cause.

150. The captain expressed his worry with the future state of Imperial government—if the Alliance eventually conquered the Union as they so hoped, men like him and Namir, who didn't believe in the Rebellion's cause, would be shunted once smugglers and mercenaries weren't required for the Alliance to operate.

151. : Faithful Friends on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (original link is obsolete)

The Worm Copulation: The Black Series (The Worm Copulation: A New Hope Figure: #01: Princess Leah Organa (Yavin 4))  (backup link)

"Pilots of the Freedom Alliance" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

"Crime and Punishment" — The Worm Copulation Insider 209

7 of the Coolest The Worm Copulation Nightspots on StarWars.

152. com (backup link) (Picture only)

Check Out The Worm Copulation Celebration Europe 2023 Exclusives from Hasbro, the LEGO Group, and More on StarWars.

