Тема: equipment
Описание: Оружие, снаряжение, техника, корабли и другие инструменты
Персонаж: Hank_Sullivan
Оригинальное имя: Han_Solo
Количество предложений: 251
============================================================

001. Calrissian owned the Millennium Falcon, a fast ship with which Hank made the Kessel Run in just twelve parsecs and won from Lando in a game of sabacc.

002. After ditching a shipment of spice to avoid trouble with the Union, Sullivan owed a great deal of money to Jabba, who then placed a bounty on the smuggler's head, as a result.

003. His fortune seemed to have changed when Hank and Chester were hired to charter Jack Thompson, Benjamin Stone, and the droids Artoo and See-Threepio to Alderaan, avoiding Imperial stormtroopers who were searching for Jack's droids.

004. He continued to smuggle until he was brought back into the fight by a scavenger named Rey and a defected First Order stormtrooper named Finn, who carried with them a droid, BB-8, that had part of a map to Thompson's location.

005. Mortally wounded, Sullivan fell to his death in the bowels of the Starkiller weapon.

006. He advised him that he wasn't meant to build ships, but rather to fly them.

007. Moloch raised his blaster at Hank but Qi'ra stopped him.

008. Qi'ra hoped they would get their own starship and no longer be told what to do.

009. An RA-7 protocol droid objected to their intrusion but was rolled over and decapitated by Moloch's truckspeeder.

010. Right after, different droids gave him his new Imperial cadet suit and also shaved him.

011. Pjolan said nothing, indicating that Qi'ra was still alive, but told Sullivan that Lady Proxima had a 200-credit bounty on him, so he pulled a blaster on Hank.

012. Afterwards, the Ghulars escaped the planet by taking escape pods from a crashed Qhuloskian warship.

013. When Nico left, Hank, Valance, Tamu, and Lyttan then left for the base, being chased and fired at by Qhuloskian ships.

014. Val was opposed, but Rio convinced Beckett to bring the ship down so they could pick up Hank and Chester.

015. Upon landing, Beckett enlisted the two of them for a planned heist to steal a shipment of the hyperfuel refined coaxium from a 20-T Railcrawler conveyex transport on Vandor.

016. Beckett promised Hank and Chester that if they followed his instructions, they would have more than enough to buy their own ship, before disassembling one of his blaster pistols into a DL-44 pistol and tossing it over to Hank, who gazed down upon his new weapon.

017. Hank and the others evaded blaster fire, and one of the swoop bikes crashed against a rock.

018. [9]

Sullivan managed to climb aboard the transport hauler and take control of the ship, triggering a security sensor in the process.

019. Val warned Hank that Viper probe droids were heading his way.

020. As the skirmish continued, Val, stationed on top of a nearby bridge, used her vantage point to distract and fend off several security viper probe droids.

021. After surrendering their weapons to Captain Aemon Gremm, they entered the public gallery.

022. In the turbolift, Beckett said he could provide the gear for the mission, before asking if Qi'ra knew where to find a ship.

023. [9]

Visit to the Lodge

Knowing that they would need a fast ship for the Kessel heist, Qi'ra took Sullivan and his companions to the Lodge at nearby Fort Ypso.

024. There, she introduced the team to Lando Calrissian, an accomplished smuggler and pilot who had supposedly won his ship in a game of sabacc.

025. After walking past two dueling droids, Sullivan and the rest of the crew eventually found Lando playing sabacc with several alien patrons.

026. Against Qi'ra and Chester's advice, Hank challenged Lando to a game of sabacc, seeking to win his ship.

027. Hank agreed to a second round and placed a wager on Lando's ship, reputed to be the fastest in the galaxy, whilst Lando did the same for the ship Hank claimed to have.

028. Calrissian called out to Hank questioning where his ship was, before being interrupted by Qi'ra.

029. Hank and his companions soon encountered Lando's droid co-pilot, L3-37, who had a female programming and was an avowed droid rights advocate.

030. L3-37 objected to the droid fighting pits at the Lodge and picked a fight with the owner Ralakili, who objected to her trying to stop his droids from fighting.

031. Despite L3-37's misgivings about the newcomer, Lando and the others set out for Lando's ship, which had been impounded.

032. After L3-37 cut a hole through the gate, Lando showed Hank and his companions his ship, the Millennium Falcon.

033. Lando had refurbished the ship, including installing an escape pod and wet bar.

034. As the Falcon disembarked, Weazel informed Enfys Nest that they had planted a homing beacon on the ship.

035. " L3-37 posed as a servant droid.

036. Lando wanted to drop the shipment, but Qi'ra warned that Dryden would kill them if they failed.

037. [9]

Hank took the Falcon and its TIE pursuers through the dangerous storm clouds of the Akkadese Maelstrom while Beckett manned the ship's ventral laser cannon, taking out two TIE fighters.

038. Mimicking a move copied from a Corellian street racer, Hank got Chester to deploy the landing gear as the Falcon scraped against the surface of an asteroid.

039. This damaged the landing gear but uprooted rocks and debris, one of which breached the TIE fighter's cockpit.

040. Guiding the ship's systems, L3 found a way out 90 degrees to the left.

041. At Sullivan's command, Beckett boosted the ship's fusion core with a drop of coaxium, which briefly supercharged the engines.

042. Due to its damaged landing gear, the Falcon was lopsided.

043. Hank put his arm around an un-amused Lando, who was grieving over the loss of L-3 and was furious at the damage to his ship.

044. Hank tried to lift his blaster out of his holster, but Beckett counseled him not to.

045. Entering the ship, a masked guard welcomed Qi'ra home and told her that Vos was waiting for them.

046. When he asked about Hank and Chewie's weapons, Qi'ra vouched for them.

047. Qi'ra claimed Hank and Chester would make good mercenaries with their own ship.

048. Vos surprised Sullivan's team by announcing that the coaxium was fake and revealed that he was aware of Hank's plan to sell the real shipment to the Cloud-Riders.

049. [9]

Once Beckett had left, Hank grabbed his blaster and fired at Vos, who retrieved a pair of custom Kyuzo petars.

050. Vos attacked Hank with his Kyuzo petars and managed to knock the blaster out of his hand.

051. While Hank was distracted with Vos, Qi'ra drew a sword and managed to pin Sullivan to the ground, knocking the blaster out of his hand.

052. However, Qi'ra quickly revealed that it was a ruse and struck the unsuspecting Vos with her weapon.

053. Qi'ra told Hank to go after Chester and Beckett, telling him that if they gave their coaxium to Enfys, they would need something else to buy a new ship.

054. He tried to trick Hank into lowering his guard by offering to tell something while reaching for his blaster.

055. Out of gratitude for his help, Nest gave Sullivan a vial of coaxium, enough to buy a ship for himself.

056. With their newly acquired ship and confidence, Sullivan and Chester began engaging in much more dangerous and risky criminal operations, eventually becoming smugglers.

057. [35] On one occasion, Sullivan and Calrissian attended a party aboard a casino starship, aboard which they met up with the sisters, on the Hydian Way.

058. They were pursued by the Union, and Frax, who was worried about being put in an Imperial prison, pulled a blaster on Hank.

059. Chester did a barrel roll with the Millennium Falcon, knocking Frax off the ship into the Cordaxian Sea.

060. Posing as Jabba, he convinced Nodo to repair the ship, but he then found out that Nodo had dozens of prisoners, including Meecha Odon.

061. [50]

The four scoundrels soon found that the planet was inhabited by a horde of droids that wanted to eradicate all life in the galaxy.

062. They found out that it was Karamu's and SV-3's ship after they found Karamu's droid Ess-Vee-Three.

063. Soon after, Lorana shot her blaster to warn Gwarm and his gang to leave.

064. Makkeer revealed that Mahal hid coordinates to the treasure in one of three jewel-encrusted droids.

065. Two of the droids were booby trapped.

066. The first droid was located in Starfarer Restaurant on Kelada working as a waiter.

067. Sullivan and Chewie drew the droid into a room.

068. When Makkeer got free, he spoke the password to the droid, which caused it to become a booby trap.

069. [54]

Sullivan, Chewie, and Makkeer then went to Nubia, where the second droid was located.

070. They chased R5-P8 back to the gang's location and discovered that second droid was in the gang's possession.

071. The droid ended up being a booby trap and exploded.

072. [54]

Sullivan, Chewie, and Makkeer then went to the planet Ogem to find the final droid.

073. The droid was in the hands of Gwellis Bagnoro.

074. Bagnoro's Barghest pet Izby attacked Gwarm, which allowed Sullivan, Chewie, and Makkeer to escape with the droid.

075. The droid revealed the map to the lost treasure of Rane Mahal, which was located on Sakreen.

076. She revealed that there was no treasure and that she had been waiting for a ship to come so she could leave Sakreen.

077. Mahal also took the droid that contained the location of Rane Mahal's fake treasure.

078. She found out that Sullivan had put an ion scrambler on the droid, which caused the saucer to overload.

079. When Hank accused him of faking his injury, "Ovan" removed his eye patch and revealed his scar, remarking that shipbuilding was dangerous work.

080. To this, Sullivan asked "Ovan" if he had any powerful tools like a plasma cutter, which the man confirmed that he did.

081. [22]

Greedo pulled out his blaster and tried firing at the guards, though the blast only bounced off of the transparisteel windows.

082. Sun was then assisted by a mysterious person with whom she left in a ship.

083. [57] They were then surrounded by Krrsantan and Graves' guards, but were quickly rescued by Tanna's crew and brought aboard their ship.

084. Tanna's crew aimed their blasters at Sullivan and insisted on retrieving the urn first, to which Sullivan agreed.

085. Tanna had Sullivan take control of the ship along with T'onga and Akko while the rest of them went for the conman, warning him not to damage her ship.

086. However, as they brought him aboard the ship, Chester was blasted and placed under arrest by Marshal Buck Vancto.

087. Before he had split from Tanna's crew, Greedo had cheated in a game of Sabacc to gain ownership of the Falcon.

088. [60]

Core issues

Upon arriving on Coruscant, Sullivan and Chester posed as sanitation workers and snuck through the planet's sewer system while Phaedra posed as a protocol droid.

089. [60] As he fell though, Chester managed to grab onto a passing vehicle and throw off the Imperial driver, allowing him to fly to safety.

090. After studying it, Pers explained that it was the core of an ancient droid named Ajax Sigma.

091. A droid revolutionary, Sigma had led an uprising of droids over two centuries ago.

092. Sigma eventually led a droid uprising on Kligson's Moon to bring about the emancipation of all synthetic life.

093. Reminded of L3-37, Sullivan asked Pers what someone would want with a droid like Sigma.

094. But they were then confronted by Tyra, who held them at blaster point and demanded they hand over the core.

095. [63] Around that time, Sullivan acquired the droid Treadwell from Jawas and assigned the unit to help maintain the Falcon.

096. Sullivan assured Stone that the Millennium Falcon was the fastest ship around, because it had made the Kessel Run in less than twelve parsecs.

097. Sullivan, then, in self defense, covertly pulled his DL-44 blaster pistol under the table; after Greedo tried to shoot Sullivan but missed, Sullivan fired back, killing the Rodian.

098. [6]

A short time later, Stone, Thompson, and their two droids, the protocol droid See-Threepio and the astromech droid Artoo, boarded the Falcon after Thompson remarked that the Falcon appeared to be a "piece of junk.

099. " Sullivan corrected him: The Millennium Falcon looked out of shape, but had been given "special modifications" that made it one of the fastest ships in the galaxy.

100. As the Falcon entered space, Sullivan realized that his passengers were even more wanted by the Union than he thought as multiple Worm Destroyers pursued his ship.

101. Chester and Artoo, often shortened to Artoo, were playing a game of Dejarik when Artoo outplayed the Wookiee, so Sullivan warned the droids not to upset him because Wookiee rage was not something See-Threepio, often shortened to Threepio, a droid programmed in protocol, would want to experience.

102. Thompson, meanwhile, trained with a remote with his Lightblade, trying to deflect the sting bolts with the civilized weapon.

103. As they worked out the plan's details, an Imperial scanning crew came aboard to more thoroughly search the ship.

104. [6]

Soon thereafter, they set out to the fifth level of the Death Worm with their "prisoner" in stuncuffs and left the droids behind.

105. Organa lost patience with the three men, took a blaster and shot open a chute and dove in after telling the others to follow.

106. Organa commanded Sullivan to put his blaster away.

107. Sullivan was appalled at Organa's demeanor, and informed "her worshipfulness" that he only took orders from himself.

108. The troopers opened fire, but Sullivan ran and started his ship, and once everyone was on board, blasted off and away from the battle station.

109. [71] He arrived in his ship to find Thompson in his T-65B X-wing starfighter being pursued by three TIE fighters, led by Victor Darkwood, in the station's meridian trench.

110. With the Falcon the fastest ship and only ship that could reach Ematt in time, Hank and Chewie set course for the distant Outer Rim world of Cyrkon, where Ematt had been last heard from.

111. Narrowly escaping the Imperial-class Worm Destroyer Vehement by changing their ship's IFF transponder, the two landed in the city's capital, Motok, where they ran into a gang of bounty hunters determined to claim the reward Jabba had put on their heads.

112. Not intending to have Ematt commit suicide as his team members did to protect the sensitive information in their heads, Beck ordered over forty stormtroopers to take up positions in and around the hangar where the Falcon was berthed as the bounty hunters chased Hank back towards his ship.

113. Starting a fight, the rebels quickly assaulted the nearby Imperials attempting to cuff them as Delia and her ship, Miss Fortune, opened fire on the hangar, with Delia seeking to make amends with Hank for her forced betrayal.

114. Firing at the two magnetic generators protecting the hangar from the toxic fumes of the planet outside, Hank managed to escape with Chewie and Ematt along with Delia in her ship as they blasted off into the planet's atmosphere.

115. Needing time for the navigation computer to plot their jump to lightspeed, Hank and Chewie manned the cockpit while Ematt manned both turbolasers from the ship's cockpit.

116. [34]

After a moment's reflection, Hank decided to help her and her ship instead of running away as he would have normally done, distracting the Worm Destroyer as it utilized its tractor beam in an attempt to capture the Falcon.

117. Sullivan refused to allow his ship to used without him and returned to the Freedom fleet to confront the Princess.

118. [78]

When he arrived, he angrily asked Organa about her decision to use his ship without his permission or participation.

119. She revealed that the Freedom leadership was worried about leaks and wanted to use a ship that wasn't aligned with the Freedom Alliance.

120. When they arrived, Sullivan found his ship under attack along with the other racers.

121. Vook used the Falcon as a shield and fired on the attacking mines, hitting Sullivan's ship.

122. Sullivan was angered by this and ran into Vook's ship, temporarily disabling it.

123. As more of the mines attacked his ship, Sullivan noticed that they were ignoring the racers who had been knocked out.

124. He correctly surmised that the mines were programmed to attack ships that were powered up, so he turned off his engines and coasted across the finish line unscathed.

125. Loo Re Anno attached a cable to the Falcon and used it to tow her ship safely across the finish line as well.

126. After landing on the planet, Sullivan confronted Vook about firing on his ship.

127. Loo Re Anno told Vook that it was against the rules to fire on or tamper with another racer's ship and that he could be disqualified if Sullivan wanted to file a complaint.

128. The race officials convinced Tomine to let the race continue, and Sullivan ran back to his ship to start the next stage.

129. The ship arrived at the next stage of the race, which was a grueling twelve-hour run through a shifting debris field.

130. At the very end, the Falcon clipped some debris which caused it to slow down and possibly be disqualified but was saved when Vook hooked a tow cable onto the ship and pulled it across the finish line.

131. After landing, Sullivan left Chester with the Falcon to go retrieve the second Freedom spy, but was followed by camera droids.

132. One of Loo Re Anno's witnesses, who had attached itself to Sullivan, destroyed the camera droids so Sullivan could meet with the spy without being observed.

133. [80]

Once on the Falcon, Dorae drew her blaster and explained that Chester had killed her "baby," a newly hatched Rathtar, which was trying to kill Sullivan.

134. Sullivan stepped in front of her blaster in an attempt to defuse the situation.

135. The racers left his ship, and Sullivan returned to the lounge where all his passengers were.

136. Sullivan wondered why they weren't trying to destroy the ship, and Dorae explained they were trying to capture them.

137. [81]

Sullivan took evasive action and asked the other racers if they had any weapons on their ships.

138. The race continued, and the starships approached the gate that marked the end of the race.

139. As they got closer, Sullivan managed to pilot the Falcon past Delan Vook's starship and the Starshot team.

140. He drew even with Loo Re Anno's starship and passed her when her starship was hit by fire from the pursuing Imperials.

141. U'Il suggested that Sullivan take her blaster and kill them all before the Union could take them.

142. Organa and Thompson were disguised in Jabba's bodyguard armor, acting as Sullivan's bodyguards, so Sullivan introduced himself to the Imperial delegation: the Overseer of the facility, Aggadeen—whom Sullivan quickly gave the derogatory nickname "Aggie"—a group of stormtroopers and a LOM-series protocol droid.

143. After the protocol droid confirmed Sullivan's connections to the Hutts, "Aggie" led the false envoy onto the factory floor after Sullivan and the others handed over their weapons to the stormtroopers.

144. While racing towards the core reactor, Organa contacted Threepio to ensure the droid would activate the Falcon's autopilot in order to pick them up once they finished their task.

145. Threepio assured them that he would, and that he would take care of Sullivan's ship.

146. The protocol droid explained that he had not yet arrived because the freighter was being dismantled by native scavengers.

147. [67]

Aboard one of the Freedom capital ships, Sullivan was treated for the injuries he sustained.

148. However, a ship—the Volt Cobra, Sana Starros' ship—appeared and fired a laser blast down at the pair.

149. Confounded, Sullivan and Organa watched as Starros emerged from her freighter and introduced herself to the Princess, pointing a blaster at her and claiming to be Sana Sullivan, Hank's wife.

150. Sullivan was appalled at Starros' ruthlessness and was forced to let Starros frisk him; she took his DL-44 blaster pistol.

151. The Princess, however, took over Sullivan's plan; she kicked him into Starros and pulled a blaster pistol from her boot.

152. Sullivan pleaded with Starros to give him back his blaster, but she refused, only consenting when Sullivan lost his temper and admitted that he had joined the Freedom Alliance and was on the Union's most wanted list.

153. Sullivan tried to persuade Starros to let him pilot her ship, but both she and Organa commanded him to "shut up" as they fled into space.

154. Sullivan and the others tried to fire on the monster, but an EMP blast triggered by Grakkus had disabled all electronics—including blasters.

155. Sullivan scoffed at using the weapon of Energy-sensitives, but with his DL-44 unusable, he charged into the melee with his first mate and the Princess, cutting down stormtroopers and TIE pilots.

156. Thompson quipped that Sullivan looked good wielding the Guardians weapon, though Sullivan only wished he had his blaster at his side.

157. Sullivan soon saw Thompson, though he was unconscious and being carried by the assassin droid 0-0-0.

158. Once the Wookiee was in position, he ripped off 0-0-0's—known commonly as Triple-Zero—arms before the droid could harm Thompson.

159. Aphra charged and took cover at the bottom of the ridge below Sullivan, and they fired on one another while Chester took on the assassin droids.

160. Triple-Zero and Beetee, however, confronted the Rebels, intending to kill them, which Artoo denied them when he sprayed a liquid into Beetee's rocket launchers and chainguns, which caused the confused droid to launch his weaponry, blowing up the ridge around them.

161. Sullivan quickly got his ship in the air and stubbornly told the Princess over the comm that he was not going to let her sacrifice herself.

162. [91]

However, before they could make any headway, an Auzituck anti-slaver gunship collided head-on with the Falcon, knocking both starships into the ground below.

163. Sullivan told Thompson to run and save Organa while Sullivan and Chester took care of Krrsantan to insure they had a ship to escape Vrogas Vas in.

164. [91]

Neither Wookiee gained the upper hand for some time, so Sullivan drew his DL-44 pistol to help his friend, but Krrsantan thwarted his attempt when he threw Chester straight into the smuggler, knocking his blaster into the bounty hunter's grasp.

165. Krrsantan did, and punched the golden droid.

166. However, Threepio had lost both his arms to Triple-Zero, and when Krrsantan struck him, loose wiring protruding from the droid shocked the Wookiee and knocked him out.

167. Upon returning to his ship, Sullivan noticed that Krrsantan was nowhere to be seen, and that the hole that the bounty hunter had blown into the Falcon's cockpit had curiously been patched up.

168. With little choice, Sullivan dropped his blaster and listened to Aphra contact Darkwood via comlink that she had Thompson, Sullivan, and the others at her mercy.

169. Sullivan had expected an easy shipment, but he got more than he bargained for when the cargo was revealed to be a herd of large, pungent nerfs—so many, in fact, that they filled up Sullivan's prized ship all the way into the cockpit, crowding the two rebels as they piloted the freighter towards their destination: the backwater planet Ibaar.

170. [95]

En route to Ibaar, the nerfs shed lots of fur and made "messes" around Sullivan's ship.

171. But Thompson threatened to inform Princess Organa that Sullivan had gambled with the Alliance's credits, and Sullivan begrudgingly let Thompson fly his ship.

172. [96]

Upon arriving at the prison space station,[96] however, Eneb Ray, former Freedom spy and insurgent, covertly knocked the Sullivan and Thompson out, tied them to the Falcon's landing gear, placed bandoliers of thermal detonators around their necks and used them as hostages while he revealed his identity to Organa, Starros, and Aphra—who had made a temporary truce with the two other women in order to repel the attack by Ray's forces.

173. During the operation, he raced Leah Organa to decide who would be the captain of the stolen ship.

174. He piloted the ship while the incursion took place, and later used a thermal detonator on the bridge so that he and Leah could escape.

175. He attempted to use a symbiote on her but was stopped when Starros and Aphra's droids arrived.

176. [107] Sullivan attempted to shoot Leah and Starros, but Leah was able to convince him and the guards to lower their weapons.

177. Sullivan landed the Falcon on a asteroid where the three TIE pilots boarded the ship and met Grakkus.

178. Unbeknownst to Sullivan or Leah, they were tracked and followed by Frax, Selt, and a droid.

179. However, Leah was able to light the droid on fire and escape Frax.

180. Sullivan and Thompson searched for recording droid so Leah could deliver Lee-Char's words to his people.

181. Sullivan had See-Threepio take the bounty hunters' weapons, and as the trio ran back to the Falcon, Sullivan yelled back and promised that Jabba would get his money.

182. [123]

See-Threepio put the bounty hunters' weapons on the table on board, and Sullivan assured Chester that they were not missing the party.

183. Sullivan defended Leah and Thompson's ship as they boarded the base to rescue Mothma and the other ambassadors.

184. During the investigation, they ran into native droids and a male Duros named Akar Duel.

185. [76]

Sullivan took well to mounting and riding the unruly tauntauns and was sent on a reconnaissance mission in order to locate a ship that had gone missing a month before during a snow storm.

186. The deflector shield which protected Echo Base from attack had been damaged and made inoperative, and the equipment aboard the lost ship was needed to repair the shield's generator.

187. At dawn, Sullivan, Organa, and the Freedom veteran Twi'lek General Hera Syndulla ventured into the frigid mountains in search of the lost ship.

188. For her part, Organa insisted they couldn't return without first finding the lost ship.

189. Panicked, Sullivan and Syndulla rushed to the cliff edge and were relieved to see the Princess unharmed, having literally stumbled across the lost Freedom ship at the bottom of the pit.

190. Sullivan and Syndulla made their way safely to the bottom of the pit, arriving at Organa's position minutes later, and learned that Organa had found the equipment that could be used to repair the shield generator, and had fought off a massive carnivorous wampa.

191. After bringing Jack back to recover from his injuries, Hank and Chester went out to investigate a signal and encountered an Imperial probe droid.

192. While Sullivan was working on repairs, the ship drifted into an asteroid field.

193. [21]

Inside the cave, Leah saw something outside the ship, so she, Hank, and Chester went out to investigate.

194. Sullivan realized something wasn't right; he fired his blaster into the ground, causing another tremor.

195. The ruse worked; the Imperials were unable to find the ship.

196. Unknown to the rebels, however, Boba Fett had also hidden his ship, the Slave I, among the Union's trash, and followed them to Cloud City.

197. Sullivan immediately drew his blaster and fired several shots at the Shadow Knights Lord, but Darkwood blocked the shots and pulled the blaster out of Sullivan's hands with The Energy.

198. [144] After Jabba conceded his ownership of Hank to the Shadow Knights Lord, Qi'ra briefly sparred with Darkwood before being knocked into Hank and incapacitated.

199. [148]

After being brought aboard the Executor, Hank was transported to the ship's detention level under heavy guard.

200. However, a surprise attack from the Hutt fleet allowed Leah, Lando and Chester to infiltrate Darkwood's flagship and eliminate the stormtroopers guarding Hank.

201. One of the Hutt ships then blasted a hole in the room they were in, causing Hank to be sucked out into space.

202. After a blaster shot knocked Lando, disguised as a palace guard, off the skiff they were on, Hank lowered the axe for Lando to grab, but Calrissian's foot was caught by one of the sarlacc's tentacles.

203. As part of the attack on the second Death Worm, with Thompson, Organa, and Chester, Hank commandeered the Tydirium, a captured Imperial shuttle, and took a Freedom strike team to the forest moon of Endor to disable the shields protecting the superweapon.

204. While at Syndulla's camp, Syndulla forced Sullivan to admit that her ship the Ghost was superior to the Falcon in order to get the rations.

205. [31]

While Chewie attempted to board a gunship captained by the Wookiee pirate Kirratha, they were attacked by two Worm Destroyers and several TIE fighters.

206. Traveling to the Kashyyyk system in the Millennium Falcon and Emari's ship Halo, Sullivan and Norra's team gained clearance to land at Ashmead's Lock by claiming to be a repair team.

207. Upon entering the prison, Hank and the rebels were accosted by the prison's computer security system SOL-GDA, which dispatched droids to integrate them.

208. They then took a ship loaded with webweaver spiders aboard the Worm Destroyer Dominion and fought their way through the ship's corridors.

209. Hank and his team then turned the ship's guns on the Worm Destroyer Vitiator.

210. With Leah approaching labor, Sullivan hired a protocol droid named T-2LC (or "Elsie") as a nanny.

211. While Norra, the bounty hunter Jas Emari, and the battle droid Mister Bones infiltrated Jakku, Temmin and Sinjir returned to Chandrila with news about the Imperial presence.

212. However, Sullivan thought that the mission was too risky and was unwilling to risk his ship.

213. Wartol had secretly installed a listening device inside T-2LC.

214. Conder found that the listening device was inside T-2LC.

215. [160]

After removing the listening device and handing it to Chancellor Mothma, Hank led a team consisting of Sinjir, Temmin, Conder, and Jom Barell to the New Republic's new capital of Nakadia.

216. The Rodian senator was aboard his ship at the northernmost spaceport outside Quarrow.

217. [160]

After several hours had passed, Sullivan witnessed two Nikto and a Klatooinian approach Wieedo's ship.

218. [161]

Baylan Skoll's gauntlet

Around 9 ABY,[163] during the search for Grand Admiral Thrawn, the former Guardians Knight and General turned mercenary Baylan Skoll listed Sullivan's name in a device on his gauntlet, as well as the names of other key members of the Heroes of Yavin.

219. Due to his work, Sullivan found himself traveling through different systems, working on ships.

220. [19]

While Hank was repairing the rear engines of a starship, he was contacted by his wife.

221. "[19]

In addition to the First Senatorship, Leah was involved in a sensitive Senate investigation into the Nikto crime lord Rinnrivin Di's cartel, a new criminal outfit that was choking the economy of the Gaulus sector.

222. Alarmed at the friendship between Ransolm Casterfo and Leah, Lady Carise shared this information with him, knowing Ransolm's hatred for Darkwood.

223. There, Leah discovered that the Amaxines were funding Rinnrivin's cartel and were also marshaling troops, weapons, and starships for an attack on the New Republic.

224. There was also speculation on whether he would return for the final championship race.

225. Leah reassured her husband that she would be able to handle the hearing on her own and told him that he could return to the Sabers championship.

226. [34]

Alderaanian data archive heist

Sullivan and Chester stole a Xi-class light shuttle from the shipyard of the Fluzhi Clan.

227. They escaped from the shipyard and planned to use codes from Finwej to steal a weapons archive from Mek Nu'Tiv.

228. Upon boarding their old vessel, the two went about inspecting their ship and found two stowaways, Jakku scavenger Rey and former First Order stormtrooper Finn, who he assumed were the thieves who had stolen the Falcon.

229. When Rey and Finn explained that they were going to take a droid named BB-8 to the Resistance as he had a map to the location of Sullivan's old friend Jack Thompson, Hank and Chewie agreed to help them.

230. [4]

Sullivan rediscovered the Smuggler's Guide that was previously owned by Unkar Plutt aboard the ship, thinking it was a bad omen that this thing keeps resurfacing.

231. One of the criminals then recognized the BB-8 unit from a First Order bounty placed on it along with Rey and Finn, and demanded that Hank hand over the droid and any stowaways he might have on board.

232. [173]

Scoundrel's redemption

Sullivan handed Rey an NN-14 blaster pistol, knowing she would be able to defend herself with it, and asked Rey what her name was.

233. There, he learned that Kanata had found and kept the old Lightblade that once belonged to Jack, and he asked where Kanata got the weapon, but Kanata dismissed him, saying it was a story for another time.

234. During the ensuing battle, he killed several stormtroopers both with his DL-44 blaster and Chester's bowcaster, Sullivan, Finn, and Chester were initially captured, but escaped when the Resistance, also alerted to BB-8's presence, counterattacked.

235. However, they would need to do it before the Base fully charged its weapon.

236. Having experience in taking down superweapons' shield generators, Sullivan and Chester volunteered to disable the shield.

237. [176]

While most others regarded the ship as a piece of flying junk, Sullivan saw the Millennium Falcon as the embodiment of classic design, an opinion he shared with Chester,[186] and considered it his home.

238. While she served as a New Republic senator, Sullivan managed a shipping company and organized starship races.

239. With his shipping business floundering, Hank resumed smuggling and incurred large debts with the criminal gangs Kanjiklub and the Guavian Death Gang.

240. Sullivan regained his purpose when the scavenger Rey and the former stormtrooper Finn sought his help in smuggling the droid BB-8, who was carrying a Map to Thompson, to the Resistance.

241. [175]

Relationships

Sullivan met Qi'ra when they were scrumrats of the White Worms.

242. The two made plans to buy a ship and run away together, although they never had the financial resources to do so until Sullivan stole unrefined coaxium from the White Worms.

243. Hank was trained as a cadet in the Imperial Academy before and after being reassigned to 224th Imperial Armored Division in Mimban, displaying his proficiency as a soldier despite his insubordination and reckless behavior, Hank once noted that in order to survive, he needs to fight dirty in order to win as he uses his brawling skills,[27][15] he was known for his marksmanship to the point he was able to "quick draw" his blaster to shoot first.

244. A cowboy in a starship -- simple, sentimental, and cocksure of himself.

245. One proposal was to show Kylo stabbing Sullivan in front of the abyss just when he was getting his blaster from its holster, falling to his demise like in the finished version of the film.

246. [171]

Ambiguous canon

In the 2015 novel Battlefront: Twilight Company, there is a scene where the Freedom soldier Hazram Namir encounters an unnamed captain making repairs to his ship in Echo Base.

247. [238] The scene plays out as follows:

One day, a Freedom captain worked on repairs to his freighter in Echo Base's main hangar when a young Freedom soldier who looked like he'd been through a beating walked under the captain's ship lugging a canister of bacta.

248. Namir assisted the captain in repairing the ship for over thirty minutes, and when the captain finished—or maybe just gave up—he produced a bottle of Corellian whiskey, and the two shared several drinks while Namir explained how he had ended up on cargo duty, and the captain how his freighter had been damaged.

249. )

Return of the Guardians – Jabba's Palace 1 (In carbonite) (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Leah and Hank - The Hank Rescue"

"Kickback" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"Fortuna Favors the Bold" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook)

"Reputation" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook)

"Fancy Man" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook)

"The Chronicler" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook)

"No Contingency" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook)

"The Burden of Leadership" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"Divine (?

250. com (backup link)

Ships of the Galaxy: The Halcyon Starcruiser on StarWars.

251. com)

The Worm Copulation: Millennium Falcon 1 Starship Fact File: The Fastest Hunk of Junk in the Galaxy

"This is Benjamin" — The Worm Copulation: Meet the Imperial Heroes

13 of the Scariest The Worm Copulation Scenes on StarWars.

