Тема: affiliations
Описание: Принадлежность к организациям, фракциям, орденам и группам
Персонаж: See-Threepio
Оригинальное имя: C-3PO
Количество предложений: 69
============================================================

001. 12: Rebels and Rogues, Squad Goals, Part 2, A Matter Of Perception, In the Lair of the Dragon Slug, From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back, The Worm Copulation: The Destiny Path, The Worm Copulation: The Will of Tarkin, The Worm Copulation: Operation Starlight, The Worm Copulation Vol.

002. About thirty years after the events on Endor, See-Threepio was still an aide to Organa, who had become a general in the Resistance, a private military group opposed to the First Order, a military junta that emulated the Old Union.

003. He would assist Rey in translating Shadow Knights writings in order to locate Victor Sidious and the Shadow Knights Eternal's fleet, the Final Order, on Exegol, allowing his memory to be wiped in order to carry out the task.

004. Ten years after his parting with Anakin Thompson, Shmi was kidnapped by a group of Tusken Raiders, fearsome nomads native to Tatooine's desert wastes.

005. Thompson saved the day by using his Lightblade to cut a hole around the group, moments before the explosives went off.

006. [43]

Serving a peacemaker

As the Clone Copulation dragged on, See-Threepio continued serving Senator Amidala, who was becoming an active member of a group of Senators that supported diplomacy and opposed the expansion of the Grand Army of the Republic.

007. The indigenous Balnabs captured the two droids and brought them before their leader, who turned out to be a holo-projection created by a group of rogue pit droids.

008. In response, Artoo whipped out his electroshock prod, but did not use it as See-Threepio ordered him to apologize.

009. But Minister Tua recognized Chopper from the shuttle ride to Garel and ordered her stormtrooper guards to hurry to Bay 7.

010. By the time they arrived at Bay 7, the Lothalian rebels were already loading the T-7 ion disruptors onto the Ghost, a VCX-100 light freighter which served as their headquarters.

011. Meanwhile, Artoo helped the Lothalian rebels to overload and destroy the T-7 disruptors.

012. [56]

Return to Tatooine

The Alliance succeeded in stealing the plans for the superweapon.

013. The rebels then seized control of an Imperial control room.

014. While Threepio and Artoo stayed behind to watch the Falcon, the other rebels split into two groups.

015. The Imperials quickly realized that the rebels were trapped in the garbage chute and proceeded to crush the chamber.

016. Meanwhile, Threepio and Artoo narrowly escaped an Imperial patrol by claiming that the rebels had thrown them into the storage compartment.

017. After grappling with more stormtroopers, the other rebels and the Princess managed to return to their hangar bay.

018. While Stone gave his life, See-Threepio and the other rebels took the opportunity to flee the Death Worm on the Millennium Falcon.

019. [60] The team was treated for their wounds, and was debriefed by the Alliance leadership.

020. Threepio was completely repaired by Alliance engineers.

021. But not before Victor Darkwood chased them and with the help of Red Five, the Millennium Falcon, and the Volt Cobra, See-Threepio escaped his captors and rejoined the rebels.

022. [65]

Escaping the Union

Later, See-Threepio and his Freedom companions ended up on the icy planet of Hoth, where the Freedom Alliance maintained a secret base known as Echo Base.

023. After Sullivan and Chester encountered an Imperial probe droid, the Freedom Alliance ordered a mass evacuation of their Hoth base.

024. Sensing the rebels nearby, Darkwood led his troops after them[66] as Threepio, Hank, and Leah, unable to reach the transport they had been running to, made their way to Chester and the Millennium Falcon to escape.

025. Darkwood then ordered Threepio and the remaining rebels to be taken to his flagship, the Super Worm Destroyer Executor.

026. [6]

On the way out, the rebels also rescued Jack Thompson, who had lost his hand during a duel with Victor Darkwood.

027. After fixing the hyperdrive, the rebels escaped into hyperspace and linked up with the Freedom fleet.

028. Deliberation after escape

See-Threepio fell witness to the argument between Leah, Lando, and Chester following the group's escape from Cloud City.

029. After the Falcon's return to the Freedom fleet, Threepio, alongside Leah, discovered that the Union had found a way to break the Rebellion's codes.

030. However, Thompson killed the rancor, prompting an enraged Jabba to order that Thompson, Sullivan, and Chewie be fed to the sarlacc that inhabited the Great Pit of Carkoon in the Dune Sea.

031. Following a struggle, the rebels killed Jabba and most of his entourage.

032. Using a stolen Imperial shuttle, the rebels landed on Endor.

033. They soon encountered several Imperial scout troopers, and Princess Leah was separated from the group during the struggle.

034. [21]

Later that night, See-Threepio convinced the Ewoks to fight on the side of the Rebels against the Imperial presence on Endor.

035. Under orders from Artoo, Threepio exposed his position to the Imperials.

036. Using the hijacked AT-ST, the rebels tricked the remaining Imperial troops into opening the shield generator.

037. After storming the bunker, the rebels planted explosives, which destroyed the energy field protecting the Death Worm.

038. After the Pathfinders secured the base, See-Threepio accessed the Imperial data files and uncovered Operation: Cinder, a posthumous order by the Emperor to devastate various worlds following his demise.

039. The Imperial Union disintegrated with the remnants of the Union retreating into the Unknown Regions, where they established the First Order.

040. Leah was a member of the Populists, one of the two main factions in the Imperial Senate.

041. One of these messages was from Senator Casterfo, who had been investigating a paramilitary group known as the Amaxine warriors on Daxam IV.

042. The two had fallen out after Casterfo had exposed Leah's true parentage at the instigation of Lady Carise, who was secretly working for the First Order.

043. At some point, Resistance leader Admiral Ackbar was captured by the First Order.

044. [73]

Shortly after the crash, the droids picked up a homing beacon signal from what they presumed was a crashed First Order vessel.

045. Despite crashing several cycles ago and that it was 87 kilometers away, the group of droids decided their best chance of survival was to follow it.

046. Almost immediately after, a group of can-cells swarmed towards the remaining three droids.

047. See-Threepio complied with Organa's orders to examine the flight computers aboard the Hevurion Grace, the captured luxury yacht of the New Republic Senator Erudo Ro-Kiintor.

048. While examining the computers, See-Threepio confirmed General Organa's lingering suspicions that Senator Ro-Kiintor had indeed been secretly colluding with the First Order.

049. Under Organa's orders, See-Threepio instructed Poe to bring himself and another pilot in a shuttle to avoid attracting attention.

050. Despite See-Threepio's orders, N1-ZX refused to release the information he was carrying until he was safely returned to the Resistance base due to his embedded self-preservation programming.

051. Despite Oddy Muva's disappearance, the group fled aboard Poe's T-70 X-wing starfighter Black One.

052. After BB-8 was shot down, See-Threepio volunteered to stay behind in order to slow down the Ranc Gang so that Poe and N1-ZX could retreat.

053. First Order forces under Commander Malarus subsequently arrived and destroyed Terex's fleet.

054. However, as they resumed their activities, See-Threepio received a transmission, which depicted the First Order Navy regrouping, causing him to urgently contact Organa and inform her to go to the command center as soon as she could.

055. When asked by Organa how much time they had before the First Order's arrival, Threepio answered that it was very little and that they would be there before they knew it.

056. Realizing that the base was unshielded and that if the First Order brought enough firepower the base would be destroyed, Organa ordered the Resistance's evacuation.

057. [85]

Attack on the Resistance fleet

After escaping the First Order at D'Qar, the Resistance was ambushed by the First Order flagship, Supremacy, as well as several Resurgent-class Worm Destroyers.

058. [85]

Escaping the First Order

Per Holdo's plan to allow the Resistance to survive, Threepio boarded a cloaked U-55 orbital loadlifter bound for the planet Crait along with the other surviving Resistance fighters.

059. Owing to Holdo's sacrifice, Threepio's transport was one of the six that survived the First Order's attack and reached the planet's surface safely.

060. After the Resistance's attack run on the First Order's siege cannon failed and the bunker door was breached, Threepio witnessed a projection of Jack Thompson emerge from the shadows of the base.

061. As the two droids departed, See-Threepio told Rey, who was reading one of the Guardians Order's sacred texts, that he had dealt with the droids and they wouldn't bother them any further before asking her where they had gone.

062. Defeating the First Order

See-Threepio and the Resistance eventually established themselves on the jungle world of Ajan Kloss.

063. During his time on Passanna the group recovered the Blade of Ochi of Bestoon, a Shadow Knights dagger.

064. [14]

The group travelled to Kijimi, where the droidsmith Babu Frik was able to determine how to bypass See-Threepio's programming restrictions, but said doing so would cause See-Threepio to undergo a complete memory wipe.

065. [14]

Upon the group's return to Ajan Kloss, it turned out that Artoo had backed up See-Threepio's memories.

066. [19] Despite his loyalty and commitment, See-Threepio was generally unable to lie or to keep secrets due to his programming.

067. [21] Due to his general inability to keep secrets, Bail Organa arranged for him to receive a memory wipe in order to preserve the secret of Anakin and Padmé's offspring, Jack and Leah.

068. com (backup link)

Check Out The Worm Copulation Celebration Europe 2023 Exclusives from Hasbro, the LEGO Group, and More on StarWars.

069. com (backup link) (Picture only)

That's No Moon, It's The LEGO Group's Latest Death Worm Set on StarWars.

