Тема: affiliations
Описание: Принадлежность к организациям, фракциям, орденам и группам
Персонаж: Chester
Оригинальное имя: Chewbacca
Количество предложений: 73
============================================================

001. After finding Alderaan was destroyed, the group was brought aboard the Death Worm, where they helped Princess Leah Organa escape from captivity and return to the Freedom base on Yavin 4.

002. Along with Princess Organa and See-Threepio, they escaped from Echo Base on the planet Hoth after the Union tracked the Freedom Alliance there.

003. The group sought refuge with Calrissian on Cloud City, but Calrissian betrayed them and turned them over to Victor Darkwood, the Emperor's chief enforcer, after his city was threatened.

004. The droid had part of a map that led to the exiled Jack Thompson, so the group brought the map to the Resistance that opposed the First Order, which had risen from the ashes of the Imperial Union.

005. [8] In 20 BBY,[26] he was captured by a Trandoshan hunting guild led by Garnac; taken to Island Four on Wasskah to be their prey, his transport was attacked by a trio of Guardians apprentices—the Padawan Ahsoka Tano and the younglings Jinx and O-Mer, also prey of the Trandoshans.

006. [1]

Rise of the Union

Capture

Following the reorganization of the Republic into the Imperial Union, Chester saw his people sent to work as slaves,[21] or as miners in places such as Kessel,[29] or made to serve as science experiments.

007. [32] Like them, he was forced into slavery, working to cut the wroshyr trees in order to feed the Imperial Army.

008. The group were hired by Crimson Dawn to steal a train car of refined coaxium on Vandor.

009. Sullivan and Chester entrusted the coaxium to Nest, who intended to use it to form a rebellion against the Union.

010. Zuckuss managed to put Hank into the Mist Hunter's hold, but Chester attacked Zuckuss in order to rescue Sullivan and Beris Ford, Zuckuss's other prisoner, from the bounty hunters.

011. [3]

Upon the Falcon's exit from hyperspace, the group found themselves in a meteor storm produced by the destruction of the planet by the Imperial Death Worm superweapon.

012. While Stone set out to disable the station's tractor beam in order to allow them to escape, Thompson was told by Artoo that Princess Leah Organa was being held in Detention Block AA-23, her execution scheduled.

013. The Falcon soon arrived to Yavin 4, landing on Rebellion's secret base, just as the Death Worm closed in on the moon.

014. [3]

Yavin 4

Thompson was hopeful that Chester and Sullivan would join the Rebellion, but Sullivan was more concerned with receiving his payment in order to pay his debt to Jabba.

015. Though Chester growled in dissatisfaction at this course of action, the two departed, seemingly leaving the Freedom Alliance on its own to deal with the Death Worm.

016. [48]

Cyrkon

However, before they could depart for Tatooine to pay Jabba, Organa would ask Sullivan to run an errand for the Rebellion, which Chester convinced him to accept—to rescue Lieutenant Caluan Ematt from Cyrkon.

017. There, they were immediately attacked by some of Jabba's bounty hunters, including Captivator, which prompted Sullivan to accuse them of being "Rebels" and set them against ISB Commander Alecia Beck's garrison.

018. [51]

Per Commander Kai's orders, Chester and Zarro were transported up to Kai's Imperial Worm Destroyer in orbit above Andelm IV.

019. [13]

Unexpectedly, though, Victor Darkwood arrived on a Lambda-class T-4a shuttle, and Chester contacted Sullivan, telling him to stand down, for firing on the Shadow Knights Lord would put the entire moon on alert, but Organa gave the order to take the shot.

020. [65]

The Harbinger

Later, Chester assisted the rebellion in commandeering the Worm Destroyer Harbinger.

021. When the Rebels broke the Imperial siege above Tureen VII, they all fled except for See-Threepio, who was captured by SCAR Squadron.

022. [39]

Now full-fledged members of the Freedom Alliance, and following a dangerous run-in with bounty hunter on Ord Mantell, Chester accompanied Sullivan to Hoth, for they had been assigned to the newly-established Echo Base, where Chester would be effecting repairs on the Millennium Falcon to pay their debt to Jabba once and for all.

023. [73]

Cloud City

Upon arrival to Cloud City, the group was welcomed by Calrissian, and spent a few days until the Falcon was repaired.

024. [75]

Return to Tatooine

The crew of the Falcon escaped to Backup Rendezvous Point Gamma-Nine, meeting up with the Fourth Division of the Alliance Fleet, where Organa ordered Chester not to let Calrissian out of his sight.

025. [76] The group subsequently parted ways—Organa, Thompson and the droids remained with the fleet, whereas Chester and Calrissian set out to find Fett and Jabba to rescue Sullivan.

026. Chester joined in the confrontation with his bowcaster, but the group became overwhelmed, leading the Guardians to suggest a retreat.

027. [82]

The rebels and Sawga encountered more hired guns.

028. [84]

The auction

Chester, Calrissian, and Organa infiltrated the auction for Sullivan, only to encounter Boba Fett, who Organa ordered the Wookiee to take down quietly.

029. [85]

Rebels in space

The rebels pursued the Imperial shuttle that had taken Sullivan, utilizing Lobot's implants to disable it.

030. The rebels, heaving reached Sullivan, incapacitated all of the Imperials.

031. Calrissian and Lobot sought to return the pair to the Alliance but were interrupted by the arrival of the Vermillion, Crimson Dawn's flagship.

032. Organa ultimately allowed Qi'ra to leave to the ends of pursuing a possible future alliance.

033. [91]

Readying for assault

Reunited with the fleet, Chester was present at a Freedom strategy meeting headed by Senator Mon Mothma and Admiral Gial Ackbar aimed at addressing the Alliance's long–standing secondary objectives, including re-establishing a supply chain and recovering Lieutenant Shara Bay, trapped on the Worm Destroyer Tarkin's Will.

034. After Thompson was pit against Jabba's rancor and defeated it, the enraged Hutt ordered the execution of Chester, Sullivan and Thompson by casting them into the Great Pit of Carkoon in the Dune Sea, to be devoured by the sarlacc that resided there.

035. While Organa assassinated Jabba himself, the group went on to slay the rest of the Hutt's thugs, before destroying the crime lord's sail barge and returning to the Freedom Fleet aboard the Falcon.

036. He pulled at it, springing a trap that ensnared the entire group, thus resulting in the team being captured by Ewoks.

037. Chester was forced to surrender his bowcaster and was tied to a large pole, whereas See-Threepio was treated like a deity, and the group was transported to Bright Tree Village to become part of the banquet in See-Threepio's honor.

038. The group then became aware of the concurrent Operation: Cinder and contacted Calrissian to deploy the Alliance Fleet so as to successfully aid the besieged Naboo.

039. Hank was joined by a team of rebels consisting of the New Republic starfighter pilot Norra Wexley, her son Temmin Wexley, his battle droid Mister Bones, the former Imperial loyalty officer Sinjir Rath Velus, the Zabrak bounty hunter Jas Emari, and the New Republic soldier Jom Barell.

040. In order to defeat Grand Moff Tolruck, Chester and his Freedom allies devoted their time to finding Tolruck's island fortress.

041. [19]

After Grand Moff Tolruck summoned the three orbiting Imperial Worm Destroyers to bombard Kashyyyk, Chester and his fellow rebels helped usher the liberated Wookiees into underground shelters.

042. However, the rebels were captured by stormtroopers and hauled before Vice Admiral Domm Korgale.

043. [17]

During his retirement, Chester was remembered by the galaxy as a hero of the Rebellion and the New Republic.

044. After revelations about Leah's true parentage as the daughter of Victor Darkwood destroyed her political career, Chester along with other former Freedom Alliance veterans like Ackbar, Nunb, Calrissian, and Mothma sent messages of supported to the embattled senator.

045. [18]

Unfortunately, their freighter was boarded by two notorious criminal factions, the Guavian Death Gang and Kanjiklub, who had hired Sullivan on previous jobs, which he had failed to complete.

046. [18]

Confronting the First Order

Chester accompanied Hank, Rey, Finn, and BB-8 to meet with Maz Kanata.

047. After the First Order was tipped off that BB-8 was with them, they attacked Maz's castle.

048. During the fighting at the castle, despite killing multiple stormtroopers, Hank, Chester, and Finn were captured by the First Order.

049. However, the Resistance had also been tipped off, and Resistance T-70 X-wing starfighters led by Poe Dameron arrived to fight the First Order.

050. A fierce dogfight ensued and resulted in the destruction of many First Order TIEs and the deaths of many stormtroopers from X-wing strafing runs.

051. Ren ordered the First Order to pull out, saying they had what they came for.

052. Despite the First Order being driven off, Hank witnessed Kylo Ren carrying Rey away.

053. They fired on the base's weak point, but failed to destroy it as the First Order sent TIE fighters to stage a counterattack and throw the Resistance into chaos.

054. Their game was interrupted by an alarm from the cockpit, and Chester ordered his opponents not to turn off the game as he left to check it, but Finn and Poe agreed that he was cheating and shut off the holochess board.

055. [112]

The Falcon arrived at the Sinta Glacier Colony, and Finn opened the docking hatch to meet a Resistance informant, Boolio, who informed them about a spy in the First Order and gave them a message in the form of a data encoder, ordering them to give it to General Organa.

056. As First Order TIE fighters jumped into the system, the Resistance members downloaded the message into Artoo and made their escape.

057. [112]

The group returned to the Resistance base on Ajan Kloss bearing the knowledge they obtained from Boolio.

058. They decoded the information, and Poe stated that Victor Sidious' return was confirmed, and that the Shadow Knights Eternal's fleet of Xyston-class Worm Destroyers, the Final Order, was hiding on Exegol in the Unknown Regions, but without any leads to the true location of Exegol.

059. Wandering among the crowd, the group attempted to lay low and blend in.

060. Rey rushed to warn her comrades that the First Order knew their location and that they needed to find the wayfinder quickly.

061. The old hero of the Rebellion offered them directions to Ochi's ship in the desert where he left it, as squadrons of TIEs and First Order dropships flew overhead.

062. Chester and the crew hurried through the crowds to the fringes of the festival, eventually stealing a pair of skiff speeders and attracting the attention of two First Order treadspeeders, which began a fierce pursuit aided by jet troopers.

063. Chester took possession of the dagger, placing it in his satchel as the group headed to escape the planet in the Bestoon Legacy.

064. The dagger was taken from him as he boarded a First Order transport.

065. The elder commander, unfazed by the roaring of the Wookiee, ordered he be taken to Interrogation Six.

066. [112]

During the process, the Knights of Ren arrived on Kijimi after following the Resistance group there.

067. Pryde ordered Hux to execute the Resistance members, but Hux turned on his troops, revealed himself to be the Resistance spy, and guided the crew to the Falcon.

068. [112]

Loss at Kef Bir

The group traveled to Kef Bir and Chester stayed behind to repair the Falcon as Rey attempted to find the wayfinder aboard the wreckage of the second Death Worm.

069. [58]

As a Wookiee, Chester knew passion and thus, the Rebellion, and would have stood with them from the beginning, if not for Sullivan and the Falcon; he would not abandon them as he was bound to both, as they were to him.

070. Loopin Chewie

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Hoth Freedom Soldier Weapons & Uniforms: Echo Base

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Odd Ball Databank A-Z: Petranaki Arena–Proton Torpedoes (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order Stormtrooper Databank A-Z: First Order–Fyrnocks

The Worm Copulation Origami: 11 Amazing Paper Folding Projects from a Galaxy Far, Far Away.

071. com (content not present on current version)

"Pilots of the Freedom Alliance" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

"Crime and Punishment" — The Worm Copulation Insider 209 (Picture only)

Marvel Unleashes the Cover for Krrsantan: The Worm Copulation Tales #1 – Exclusive Reveal on StarWars.

072. 40 Years of the Ewoks" — The Worm Copulation Insider 217

Check Out The Worm Copulation Celebration Europe 2023 Exclusives from Hasbro, the LEGO Group, and More on StarWars.

073. com (backup link)

That's No Moon, It's The LEGO Group's Latest Death Worm Set on StarWars.

