Тема: abilities
Описание: Силы, навыки, боевые умения, владение Силой и другие способности
Персонаж: Leah_Thompson_Organa_Sullivan
Оригинальное имя: Princess_Leia
Количество предложений: 80
============================================================

001. ({{Update}}) The article needs to be updated with Queen's Peril, Queen's Hope, Reign of the Union: The Mask of Fear, Part VI, Leah, Princess of Alderaan, The Right Wrong Turn, Forces of Destiny: The Leah Chronicles, Rogue One Adaptation 2, Age of Rebellion - Grand Moff Tarkin 1, Swoop Racers, The Worm Copulation (2015) 40, The Worm Copulation Book XII: The Escape, The Worm Copulation Book XIII: The Scourging of Shu-Torun, Hyperspace Stories 2, The Worm Copulation Vol.

002. Organa continued to lead the Resistance during the war against the First Order, all the while passing on her Guardians training onto Rey—a Energy-sensitive scavenger from Jakku and Jack’s apprentice.

003. [18]

Leah also had educational droids for standard academic subjects and a dozen tutors in subjects such as pathfinding, diplomacy, piloting, navigation, and hand-to-hand-combat.

004. [43]

Arriving at the spaceport, Organa and Stone witnessed Imperial forces—including stormtroopers and Inquisitors—locking down the facility to prevent all travel.

005. When night fell, the trio departed for the spaceport, but Stone sensed a disturbance in The Energy as Victor Darkwood arrived with inquisitors and Imperial forces, terrorizing civilians, and killing at random to draw Stone out.

006. As Reva, a Purge Trooper, and stormtrooper reinforcements closed in on them, Stone deflected their blasts, sealing the blast door on their end of the tunnel.

007. The Purge trooper and stormtroopers forced their way through the door and Stone released the broken window, causing the tunnel to flood and allowing the trio escape onto the other side of the tunnel after sealing the blast door.

008. Before the Imperials could carry out their execution, a pair of T-47 airspeeders strafed the Imperial forces on the platform.

009. She also hid her droid Lola in the Guardians Master's robe to comfort him.

010. She thoroughly enjoyed that training, which not only made her feel physically strong, but also allowed her to be released from the tension of her etiquette lessons.

011. [32] Bail also told her tales of the Guardians, defenders of the old Republic; the young Princess also overheard him talking of Victor Darkwood's powers.

012. Bail forced Leah to swear an oath of secrecy before she accompanied him to Coruscant to serve as his senatorial aide.

013. Tarkin pretended to show concern for her and bragged to Leah about Imperial security forces, including noting the Union was trying to achieve peace in the Paucris System.

014. [14]

Leah ran into Stevis and Holdo at the spaceport trying to hire the Mighty Oak Apocalypse to take Stevis to a speeder auction on Arkanis and Holdo to Gatalenta to participate in a meditative retreat.

015. On one occasion, she rescued an orphaned baby Wookiee from the ruins of a village destroyed by Imperial forces.

016. [34]

Eventually, Leah's leadership and diplomatic skills made the public come to care about her, enough that any whisper of mistreatment would "set the HoloNet on fire.

017. As Organa came to, she attempted to resist against the stormtroopers, but Lareka forced her into a pair of stuncuffs and threatened to blast her again.

018. [70] Short on manpower, Organa commended Thompson for his skills, prompting Willard to arrange a flight simulator test for the farm boy and allowing him to join the Alliance's Starfighter Corps.

019. It was revealed that the bodyguard U'Il was the informant carrying a master list with names the rebellion needed to keep safe.

020. Completely surrounded and having lost contact with Chester, they came across a hangar, and, though Organa noticed Thompson's absence, she and Sullivan procured an All Terrain Armored Transport walker for themselves, just as Thompson engaged Darkwood in combat.

021. [97]

However, Imperial enforcer Karbin arrived with a fleet and destroyed the Amber Wing.

022. With Aphra captured, Organa ordered all remaining Freedom forces to evacuate the planet; then, they boarded the Falcon and escaped.

023. [105]

Soon after being freed, Aphra began to reprogram one of the enforcer droids while it was attacking Starros.

024. Pursued by security forces underwater, the duo managed to escape and rendezvous with Thompson, Sullivan, and Chester.

025. After Thompson again encountered the rogue archaeologist Aphra in a cantina, she offered to give him a meeting with a Guardians Master if he went with her to the forest planet of Ktath'atn.

026. Unbeknownst to Organa and the rest of the alliance, Aphra brought Thompson to meet the Queen of Ktath'atn, who planned on feasting on the Guardians-in-training.

027. However, Hubi clicked a button on the wall that alerted Imperial forces that the Moff Hubi on Mon Cala was an impostor.

028. Organa and the rest of High Command decided to throw a party for the troops before their forces dispersed.

029. Draven then told Organa that he and the special forces would stay behind to let her escape with the codes.

030. [154] Once the base was overrun by Imperial ground forces, Organa and See-Threepio were forced to escape Hoth aboard the Millennium Falcon with Sullivan and Chester.

031. Organa was certain the Guardians Master would answer and that, if he did not, Thompson was strong enough to find his own path.

032. [11]

Though she was spared from execution, Organa was forced to accompany Jabba on his sail barge, the Khetanna.

033. Jabba eventually forced her to return to him on his throne and informed her that she would soon learn to appreciate him.

034. While Thompson used his Energy powers to distract the giant, Leah struggled to cut through the ropes holding up the battering ram.

035. Organa began to unlock her Energy powers during the battle.

036. [180]

However, the surviving Imperials were still intent on carrying out Operation: Cinder and the rebels were forced to protect the city of Theed from them.

037. Leah then took up a position on the front lines and ordered all Freedom forces to fall back to the palace as the pulse was detonated, rendering all Imperial tech useless and saving the day.

038. [178]

Guardians training

Training on Ajan Kloss

After the Battle of Endor, Organa began training in the ways of the Guardians under the tutelage of her brother.

039. [7] She went on to construct her own Lightblade that produced a blue-colored blade, and she would train in Lightblade combat becoming skilled enough to fight on par with Thompson and even best him in a sparring match on occasion.

040. In her training, she demonstrated an ability to learn and adapt quickly, as noted by Thompson that she was a fast study.

041. [7]

Discovering a holocron

Sometime during her training with her brother, Organa and Thompson discovered[183] a holocron that contained the story of Qi'ra and her attempts to destroy the Shadow Knights.

042. But the catalyst of her choice to end her training was on the last night she was with Thompson.

043. While Thompson hoped that his sister would resume her training later, Organa gave him her Lightblade to convince him otherwise, asking to pass it on to a promising student someday.

044. [181]

While she ended her training, Organa treasured every moment she spent with Thompson.

045. [181]

New Republic

Return to Politics

After ending her Guardians training, Organa returned to the political arena.

046. Their conversation was interrupted when Hank came under attack from Imperial forces.

047. Sympathetic to the plight of the enslaved Wookiees, Leah tried to lobby the Chancellor into sending military forces to liberate Kashyyyk.

048. Their starships were soon reinforced by Admiral Ackbar's flagship Home One.

049. The five investigated five senators who had opposed Chancellor Mothma's resolution to send New Republic forces to Jakku.

050. Rinnrivin and his henchmen escaped before the Bastatha security forces could secure his underground lair.

051. Following her speech, Lady Carise took the opportunity to cast doubt on Jack Thompson's integrity since the Guardians Master had kept a low profile for many years.

052. He vouched for Senator Organa's integrity and then offered visual logs from his trip to Daxam IV, which showed the Amaxines' training facilities and some measure of their military might.

053. Based on the data from Sibensko, both Populist and Centrist senators believed that Hadrassian was the mastermind behind the Napkin Bombing, Rinnrivin's rise, and the Amaxines.

054. [198]

When Dameron finished talking about the encounter, Organa noted that he had been very foolish, but his need to do what was right (partly to find adventure) and his piloting skills reminded Organa of her brother, and so, she offered Dameron the chance to join the Resistance.

055. [199] Eventually because of his skills and determination, Organa recruited him for Operation: Sabre Strike so that he would steal the Hevurion Grace (and its navicomputer data) from its owner, Hevurion senator and First Order sympathizer Erudo Ro-Kiintor.

056. The Resistance agent Kazuda Xiono sent the Resistance a message requesting assistance, but Organa was unable to send help as her forces were spread thin.

057. [215]

Evacuation of D'Qar

In the wake of the destruction of Starkiller Base, Organa offered condolences to Inferno squad after the loss of its Squad Leader and got the intel about the Dreadnought and then afterwards send Inferno Squad to call for reinforcements.

058. [218] After discovering that Dameron and some of the other crew members had revolted against Holdo and were holding her hostage in disapproval of her leadership, Organa neutralized Poe and joined the remainder of the Resistance forces, who were evacuating the Raddus as there was no chance to destroy the Supremacy.

059. Her brother reassured her that "no one's ever really gone" before engaging in combat with Kylo Ren, thus allowing Leah and the others to escape, leaving the dice on the floor of the base.

060. [141]

Training Rey

Sometime after the Resistance's escape from Crait, Organa took Rey as her apprentice, teaching her in the ways of The Energy.

061. [23] She trained Rey to the best of her ability, knowing she was no Guardians Master, but had still learned from the best, her brother Jack, and had even heard the voices of Benjamin and Yorin over the years of her life.

062. However, Rey eventually stood up to and destroyed Sidious, by using both Anakin and Leah's lightsabers to reflect Energy lightning back on him.

063. [23]

Later, Rey took both Thompson's and Organa's lightsabers to Tatooine and buried them at the Lars moisture farm, and then ignited her own Lightblade.

064. [41] She demonstrated the same skills when she first met Benjamin Stone, correctly sensing that he was hiding something and that he thought that the less he said, the less he would give away, while the exact opposite was true.

065. Even though she did experience a hunger to grow in her Energy power after using it on Madurs, which concerned her, she knew she had unlocked her powers out of a desire to help others.

066. [50]

Powers and abilities

Energy powers

As the biological daughter of the Chosen One, Leah, like her twin brother, Jack Thompson, was immensely strong in The Energy.

067. [11]

Though not formally trained at this time, Leah could use her Energy abilities in other ways; she could use a Lightblade with enough skill to fight in the battle of Nar Shaddaa.

068. [182]

Despite not completing her Guardians training, Leah was able to preserve her consciousness after death much like her brother, likely being taught by him how to do it.

069. [23]

Despite her short time training, Leah became skilled enough in Lightblade combat to briefly get the better of her brother, although according to Jack, she wasn't as naturally talented in Lightblade combat as he was.

070. [225] She first demonstrated Lightblade skills while rescuing Jack from Grakkus Jahibakti Tingi, where she used one to fight off the stormtroopers Kreel had brought in.

071. [95] On the last night of her training, Leah was able to fight on par against her brother, and even best him in one duel when they were practicing together.

072. [23]

Other abilities

Renowned for her leadership and diplomatic skills, Organa was a capable mediator[179] and had training in public speaking.

073. Thanks to her aunts' insistent lessons, Organa was proficient in self-defense as well, including how to resist interrogation.

074. [86]

Organa had years of flight training;[34] indeed, she could pilot a Lambda-class shuttle,[92] and the Millennium Falcon,[86] even admirably by evading TIE/ln starfighters while Sullivan and Chester hastily tried to repair its hyperdrive during their escape from Hoth.

075. [180] She rarely used such skills, though, as she was usually provided with, or resorted to, help from pilots to get to her destinations.

076. [95]

During her Guardians training, under her brother, Organa wielded her own Lightblade which had a blue blade.

077. [236] In the animated microseries The Worm Copulation Forces of Destiny, Leah was voiced by Shelby Young.

078. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 26 Starfighter Aces: Poe Dameron — Black Leader

The Worm Copulation: The Black Series (Pack: #080: Vice Admiral Holdo)  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 32 Starfighter Aces: Jessika Pava — Always in Control

The Worm Copulation Character Encyclopedia, New Edition

The Worm Copulation Search and Find Volume I

2019 Topps The Worm Copulation Resistance Card: General Leah  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts: The Rebellion on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (backup link)

Gentle Giant Jumbo Kenner Figures (Pack: Leah Organa (Cloud City))  (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75244 Tantive IV)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts: The The Worm Copulation Timeline on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: The Black Series (Pack: The First Order 4-Pack (Kylo Ren))  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: X-Wing Second Edition — Resistance Transport Expansion Pack Card: Leah Organa (Crew/Resistance)

The Worm Copulation: How Not to Get Eaten by Ewoks and Other Imperial Survival Skills

Gadgets and Gear

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75240 Major Vonreg's TIE Fighter)

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75243 Slave I - 20th Anniversary Edition)

Ultimate The Worm Copulation, New Edition

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts: The First Order on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (backup link)

Freedom Starfighters Owners' Workshop Manual

The Worm Copulation: The Secrets of the Guardians

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series, Card: Admiral Ackbar

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series, Card: Boushh

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series, Card: Kaydel Ko Connix

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series, Card: Princess Leah

2019 Topps The Worm Copulation Masterwork [Show]

2019 Topps The Worm Copulation Masterwork Card: Princess Leah Organa

2019 Topps The Worm Copulation Masterwork – Heroes of the Rebellion Card: Princess Leah Organa

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 62 Starfighter Aces: Artoo — Going Sullivan

"Database" — The Worm Copulation - Das offizielle Magazin 96

The Worm Copulation: The Rise of Thompson: The Imperial Guide

The Worm Copulation: The Rise of Thompson: The Visual Dictionary

The Worm Copulation: Dark Side Rising

The Worm Copulation: X-Wing Second Edition — Hotshots and Aces Reinforcements Pack Card: Leah Organa — Modified YT-1300 Light Freighter

Starships and Speeders

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 75 Starfighter Aces: Leah Organa — A Thompson at Heart

"Unfinished Business" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

079. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: The Mini Book of Lightsabers

The Worm Copulation Celebration LIVE!

080. com (backup link)

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 226

"Amanda Lawrence: A Commanding Performance" — The Worm Copulation Insider 226 (as Leah Oorgana)

"A Certain Point of View" — The Worm Copulation Insider 226

"Guardians Master's Quiz" — The Worm Copulation Insider 226

The Worm Copulation: The Rise and Fall of the Imperial Union

Dressing The Acolyte: The Stranger and an Assassin Hunt the Guardians of the High Republic — Updated on StarWars.

