Тема: equipment
Описание: Оружие, снаряжение, техника, корабли и другие инструменты
Персонаж: Leah_Thompson_Organa_Sullivan
Оригинальное имя: Princess_Leia
Количество предложений: 252
============================================================

001. She went on to explain the hardships she had faced while serving the government of Naboo, including her election as queen and the Invasion of Naboo[36] in 32 BBY.

002. Calmly passing through her time as queen, Breha continued by explaining that Amidala may have been a capable fighter on the battlefield, but the most important battles she ever fought were in the Senate, using her words as her weapon as opposed to her blaster, and that she would continue to fight in the Senate until lasting peace was brought to the galaxy.

003. Instead of dressing up for the occasion, Organa spent time in the nearby woods, watching starships depart together with her toy droid, L0-LA59 "Lola.

004. [41]

During the ensuing reception, Organa engaged Niano, who berated her for being polite to a droid and called her out for being adopted and thus not a "real Organa.

005. Departing for the planet Daiyu, where the Third Sister planned to ambush Stone, the criminals tied Organa in a room aboard the starship.

006. While attempting to free herself with the help of Lola, Nokru entered the room and took the toy droid, tossing it onto the floor.

007. Leah waved down a nearby vehicle and convinced the driver, a man named Freck, to drive them to the nearest space port.

008. [44]

The transport eventually arrived at an Imperial checkpoint, where stormtroopers had a Viper probe droid scan Stone, but he shot the droid with a blaster and started a fight between him and the troopers.

009. One trooper held Leah and put a blaster to her head, ordering Stone to put his blaster down or he would shoot her.

010. Stone pretended to put his blaster down before shooting the trooper.

011. The two took shelter in Durith's workshop, where she introduced Leah to her loader droid, NED-B, who Leah then introduced to Lola.

012. As Durith and Leah headed to the spaceport, Leah convinced Durith to return and help Stone, and that she could reach the ship by herself.

013. However, as Leah headed to the ship, she ran into the Third Sister, who had arrived first and killed the pilot.

014. While Reva was distracted, Leah released L0-LA59 from her pocket, but Reva caught the droid before it could do anything.

015. She revealed to Leah that she had a droid when she was younger but that it was taken from her.

016. [45]

Leah and Stone were pursued by a seeker droid through the Fortress, just as the Fortress's alarms began to ring.

017. Stone took out the pursuing seeker droid and stormtroopers with his Lightblade in the fortress' corridors, allowing him and Leah to flee into a tunnel.

018. But Leah's droid Lola beeped and glowed red, the Third Sister having put a tracker in it.

019. Upon finding it, the corrupted Lola lunged at the stunned Princess, who quickly caught the droid and removed the restraining bolt that had been affixed to and corrupted the droid.

020. Afterwards, Leah quickly located the source of the issue and fixed it, leaving the ship free to escape.

021. Before Stone's departure, he met with her again to give her Tala's holster, but he did not give her the blaster due to her young age, which Organa quickly noticed.

022. Indeed, comforted upon noticing the droid after landing on a nearby barren moon, Stone then confronted Darkwood and drew on his memories of Organa and her secret twin to triumph over his former apprentice, whom he left beaten before returning to Tatooine in time to witness the redemption of Reva.

023. [14]

In Leah's teenage years, she learned to shoot with a Drearian Defense Conglomerate Defender sporting blaster pistol, one often used by aristocrats of her social standing.

024. Leah met with Brel Ti Vorne, a representative for the miners, to whom Leah gifted five hundred sets of supplies, each consisting of safety belts, atmosphere masks, portable Energy fields that can purify air, and other safety gear.

025. However, Ti Vorne told Leah that they could not accept the gifts because their Imperial overseers had been confiscating their equipment and selling it for profit.

026. [14]

Then, Leah and the astromech droid Artoo brought relief to the planet Chasmeene, which was suffering after being punished for failing to meet Imperial quotas.

027. They brought food, seeds, and agricultural equipment to help restart the economy.

028. However, the Polestar was on Alderaan, so Mothma gave Leah credits to hire a ship.

029. However, once they arrived on Pamarthe, they learned that a storm was preventing all ships from leaving the planet.

030. Thinking fast, Leah found a Chalhuddan ship.

031. As the ships began to jump away, Leah and Holdo were the only ones left to witness a concerned Domadi arriving in the system in a starcutter civilian transport.

032. Leah flew their ship over to save him, but it was too late.

033. Then, an Imperial ship arrived, and Holdo pretended they were an astrological survey group, convincing the Imperials to let them go.

034. She was greeted by Kanan Jarrus and Ezra Bridger, who were respectively disguised as a stormtrooper and an Imperial cadet, as well as Lieutenant Yogar Lyste, who knew that Organa often had a large majority of her ships become "stolen" by Freedom agents.

035. [52]

Still disguised, Jarrus and Bridger used the Phantom to escort Organa back to the depot, distracting a surprised Lyste while Ryder, Sabine Wren, and C1-10P disabled the gravity locks and commandeered the ships.

036. Before they were allowed to escape, the droid bounty hunter IG-88 cornered them with a blaster.

037. The duo returned to the blaster, with Wren hiding in a corner away from the stormtroopers.

038. While the troopers and the droid bounty hunter exchanged fire, Leah and Sabine snuck outside.

039. Raddus's ship,[60] the Profundity,[61] however, was diverted to Scarif once the fighting began.

040. [60] A squadron of Rebels calling themselves "Rogue One" managed to obtain the plans and beam them to Raddus' ship.

041. Victor Darkwood led a boarding party onto the ship and massacred the entire squadron, but not before a fleet trooper handed the disc off to another man, Toshma Jefkin.

042. Darkwood, however, had spotted the Freedom ship and began tracking it to Tatooine,[59] later issuing an arrest-on-sight decree for the capture of Organa.

043. " Minutes later, Leah learned from the ship's senior officers that the Tantive IV's impaired hyperdrive was causing it to leave a residual energy signature which could allow the Union to track the ship.

044. To make matters worse, she also learned that the ship's weapons and shields were barely functional because of the attack on the Profundity, whose feedback had affected the Tantive IV.

045. The bosun then informed Leah that the Union had issued a priority red directive to stop all ships matching the description of a CR-90 corvette.

046. At a quarter of a parsec from their destination, the motivator on the ship finally gave out, forcing them to rely on sublight speed for the rest of the journey to Tatooine.

047. Before they could reach the planet, however, their ship was hit by a Worm Destroyer.

048. [63]

Captured by the Union

As Organa and her ship approached Tatooine, Captain Antilles ordered the crew to fire back at the Worm Destroyer, but their efforts were of little use;[63] the Devastator, the ship that had hunted them from Scarif,[64] had caught them in a tractor beam right above the planet.

049. As stormtroopers led by Victor Darkwood boarded the Tantive IV, Organa ran through the access hallways of the ship with the datacard in hand, desperate to find a way to deliver them to safety.

050. [34]

Before she could instruct the droid of her plans, she was met by Antilles, who urgently requested that the senator flee in an escape pod.

051. She then parted ways with R2 as his counterpart, the protocol droid See-Threepio, approached.

052. Watching the droids as they scampered away, Organa drew her blaster and prepared to find her own way off the captured vessel.

053. [34]

In another part of the ship, Antilles was captured and killed by Darkwood, who commanded his soldiers to hunt Organa down and bring her to him alive to get more info out of her.

054. After stunning the Princess by informing her that the Imperial Senate had been dissolved, the Shadow Knights Lord brought her to the ship's command bridge.

055. Although he technically had no proof that the Princess was affiliated with the Freedom Alliance, Darkwood was more than certain of her deception and returned to her cell with an IT-O Interrogation Unit, an interrogator droid equipped with a powerful mind probe.

056. Organa was submitted to the droid's truth serum, a drug that painfully altered her senses to coerce her into revealing the location of the Freedom base.

057. [34]

Following her interrogation, Organa's life was scheduled to be terminated by the man she had met years ago, Grand Moff Tarkin, though the governor had one more tool to make her talk: Alderaan.

058. That individual, however, chose not to speak up after sympathizing with the pain the Princess had endured under the interrogator droid.

059. [66]

With the weapon already in position within the Alderaan system, Tarkin unveiled his own deception and fired upon the planet.

060. [34]

Fateful meeting and daring escape

While Organa was detained by the Union, the droids Artoo and See-Threepio had come under the possession of her twin brother, Jack Thompson, on Tatooine.

061. Cut off from the cell bay's exit by Imperial soldiers, Leah took matters into her own hands; grabbing hold of Thompson's blaster rifle, she shot out the cover of a trash chute[9] she had noticed when she was first brought aboard[34] and led her would-be rescuers down into a garbage pit.

062. [9]

The old Guardians's death devastated Jack, prompting Leah—who had herself experienced terrible loss— to comfort him as Sullivan piloted the ship away from the Death Worm.

063. After fending off the station's sentry fighters, the ship made the jump to hyperspace mostly undamaged.

064. While Willard was quick to express his joy that the Princess had escaped tragedy on Alderaan, Organa allowed no time for sorrow and quickly moved to have the data within the astromech droid analyzed.

065. [32]

Alderaan's survival

The two starships soon arrived in the Sullust system, where Organa, Verlaine, and Artoo engaged the Sullustan Tivvy, who led them to the Alderaan Enclave.

066. She suspected her to be a traitor—particularly so after the replay of one of her ships' transmissions: Tace's innocent disclosing of their location to her sister, Tula, an Imperial under the watchful eye of Commander Dreed.

067. [80]

Disguised as an Imperial officer transferred from the Malevolence to the Stormbringer, Organa snuck aboard the ship on which Thompson was held captive.

068. [56]

Following his return from Rodia, Organa and Ackbar met with Thompson as soon as he landed the Desert Jewel on the Promise to talk about his encounter over Llanic, during which he had saved a Kupohan ship from Imperial attack.

069. Leah sent a holographic message to Sullivan, telling him that the Alliance needed his ship and that there would be a reward.

070. The two argued about the fact that she wanted to use his ship.

071. After capturing a shuttle whose passenger was an emissary of Jabba the Hutt sent to negotiate with the Union on shipping raw materials from Hutt-controlled space to Imperial facilities, Organa and Thompson disguised themselves as bodyguards to escort Sullivan (who, they agreed, would pose as the envoy) with Artoo into the factory.

072. Though the Shadow Knights Lord almost tore the walker apart with The Energy, the astromech droid informed them that the cannons were ready, and Organa hit the button to fire.

073. [17]

Once outside, their walker only received more blaster fire; Organa, then, realized the Imperials had stopped the reactor's meltdown, and Darkwood caught up with them and destroyed the walker's legs with his Lightblade, throwing it off.

074. On the ship, she thanked Thompson for completing the mission, trying to encourage him, but his morale was at rock bottom.

075. [88] Later, Sullivan inquired about several parts needed to repair his ship, but Organa told him that he needed to work to obtain what he wanted—offering him a mission to be her copilot while they scouted for possible locations for the new Alliance base.

076. [91] Though Sullivan tried to explain, Starros recognized Organa (and the bounty on her head) and had the Invictus destroyed with her ship's voice-activated weaponry.

077. However, Organa had other plans—pushing Sullivan against Starros, taking her by surprise, she drew a concealed EC-17 blaster from her clothes to aim it at both "Solos.

078. " With the TIE fighters and TIE/sa bombers already above them,[92] and Imperial pilots closing in to arrest her, Organa resisted, whereas Sullivan confessed he was also a Freedom (and so, bound to be captured), prompting Starros to take the two to her ship to escape the planet.

079. Organa, Sullivan, Chester, and Starros made their way to Grakkus' palace arena, and realized their blasters had been disabled by an EMP charge, Imperials were swarming the place and a beast was wreaking havoc.

080. Separated from Starros, they instead found Artoo, who provided them with lightsabers; they promptly used the weapons to reach Thompson at the center of the arena.

081. After he uploaded shipping and procurement data for the Core sectors to the rebellion, he contacted Leah via hologram.

082. As a Commander, she coordinated the effort and deployed Cyan Squadron, of which another ship was taken down by Darkwood.

083. Confronted with their loss, she left Darkwood and Karbin to their devices.

084. [104]

Organa and Starros engaged the invading droid forces, destroying many of them.

085. He proceeded to send IG-RM droids to execute prisoners.

086. Aphra, Sana, and Leah finally reached the control room and engaged the droids defending it.

087. The trio, as well as the enforcer droid that Doctor Aphra reprogrammed, managed to retake the control room.

088. Although General Dodonna was initially hesitant, due to the large crew needed for operating such a vehicle, Leah asked for as much crew as could be spared.

089. The Imperial crew of the Worm Destroyer abandoned the ship, giving the crew of the Millennium Falcon the opportunity to capture it.

090. The ship flew into the Destroyer's hangar, with the crew of the Falcon attacking the ship from the inside.

091. However, Organa stated that if the government had known, there would have been more ships sent.

092. However, an explosion occurred, and the astromech droid jettisoned the reactor, allowing the Worm Destroyer to go to hyperspace.

093. The duo continued to argue about the merits of their ideas and who should be temporary captain of the ship.

094. Sana Starros destroyed the ship, thinking it was a trap.

095. "[110]

As this conversation took place, Starros and Thompson found Task Energy 99 in the hallways of the ship.

096. Artoo was flying the ship remotely and operating the ion cannons because of that.

097. After returning from her area's fish market, Davane was attacked by Leah with her droid Bruce's arm.

098. Leah threatened Pavane with a deactivated blaster to determine why she was there.

099. [112]

The matter of See-Threepio's capture

After See-Threepio was captured by SCAR Squadron, Sullivan, Thompson, and Leah regrouped with the Freedom fleet and decided not to go after him because he was a droid and SCAR Squadron was too dangerous.

100. Because she was unaware of his whereabouts, Organa questioned Thompson's temporary astromech droid S4.

101. However, the droid refused to give up the information.

102. Starros, who had received a message from Aphra, used a loophole in the droid's programming to Energy it to reveal that Thompson had gone with Aphra in secret.

103. However, upon arriving, they were immediately captured by Aphra's droid associates 0-0-0 and BT-1.

104. [116]

However, the droids spared the rebels, and they reluctantly gave Sullivan permission to pilot Aphra's ship, the Ark Angel II, to Aphra and Thompson's location.

105. [117]

Organa immediately began formulating a plan to rescue them, asking Aphra's droid associates to assist her.

106. 0-0-0 came up with the idea to transport an Abersyn symbiote in the dome of Thompson's droid S4.

107. Still having the power of the Queen's thrall, Sullivan was able to control the other troops and Energy them to lower their weapons.

108. The nebula disabled the ship, forcing them to crash on an ocean planet.

109. But they had to use the dedlanite from their blasters for the moisture vaporators and thus couldn't use their blasters for hunting.

110. She deployed the Leviathan, a mining vehicle as big as a city, to the surface of Jedha.

111. A small team would infiltrate the core security system, power down its anti-air weapons, and seal off the bridge of the crawler.

112. Then a larger team would join, and together they would control the vehicle into the blast crate from the Death Worm.

113. Organa with the help of Threepio and Artoo shut down the weapons and allowed the Millennium Falcon, with the larger team, to land without getting shot down.

114. She turned around and standing there was Queen Trios of Shu-Torun with a blaster pointed at Organa.

115. [127]

Organa took her team, Red Squadron, and the Millennium Falcon to Crait with equipment.

116. After dealing with SCAR squadron, Organ was confronted by Berinato, who attempted to capture Organa, but she was able to shoot his blaster out of his hand.

117. She and the others left Crait[127] and some of their equipment.

118. They landed on an island in a nature preservation zone, but their meeting was interrupted by stormtrooper patrol and an Imperial gunship.

119. [131]

Organa sent R2 and See-Threepio in as server droids to give Hubi a drug in his favorite drink, a grabd accelerator.

120. Thompson hunted down a camera droid where Lee-Char's message to his people will be recorded.

121. Organa led the crew back to their ship, barely escaping the planet.

122. Organa helplessly watched as the cruisers saw their hangar doors, comm systems, artillery batteries, hyperspace systems, and propulsion engines be shut down and the Union's Death Squadron led by Victor Darkwood and his command ship, the Executor-class Worm Dreadnought Executor arrive in the system.

123. [135]

Darkwood quickly destroyed Willard's flagship Yavin's Hope.

124. Trios fled back to her ship and ordered her men to launch, but a Freedom strike team led by Organa and Colonel Bandwin Cor boarded her ship, killing her men.

125. [136]

Organa watched as ships commanded by Lajaie and Bob Hudsol were destroyed.

126. Organa devised a plan, in which she and Draven would lead a squad of Special Forces commandos to the Executor, in Trios' shuttle for disguise, to steal the codes and return to the ship.

127. [137]

As the group gets clearance to land on the Executor, Darkwood returns to the ship to meet with Trios.

128. Organa led their remaining forces to the hangar to find a ship to escape, but they found only a lone TIE fighter.

129. [139] Organa alerted the commander of the ship, General Dodonna of the codes she obtained, and their ship escaped the system.

130. [138]

Organa and Thompson were both shocked to hear Dodonna tell them that they could not risk their ship to go back and attempt to rescue their remaining forces.

131. Refusing to give up on the planet and ignoring Sullivan's complaints about strategy, they continued investigating until they ran into native droids and a male Duros named Akar Duel.

132. Duel, wanting to take the Falcon, had the droids pull their blasters on Organa and the others.

133. After the droids turned on Duel once they learned from See-Threepio that they could be independent, they boarded the Falcon to leave the planet, Organa concluding that Lotho Minor was not a good location for a Freedom base.

134. Due to this, Freedom personnel had to be moved onto ships.

135. Despite wanting Sullivan to return to the ship, Organa ordered the base to be evacuated without Sullivan.

136. However, as an Imperial probe droid had alerted Darkwood and the Imperial fleet of their location, arriving soon on Hoth, Organa helped coordinate the ensuing evacuation, giving instructions to pilots,[151] and signaled the ships to leave the planet.

137. [151]

Escaping the Union

With a damaged hyperdrive, the Falcon was unable to leave the system and escape the Imperial blockade, which prompted Sullivan to pilot the ship into a nearby asteroid field, hoping that the Imperials would be unwilling to follow them, to repair the ship in the cave of an asteroid of great size.

138. Using a fusioncutter, Organa helped in repairing the ship, when Sullivan appeared, drawing closer to her before both ended up in a passionate kiss that lasted until See-Threepio's arrival.

139. Afterwards, Organa would reflect upon what happened in the cockpit when the ship was attacked by mynocks.

140. [151]

Rushing to shoo them away, Organa, Sullivan, and Chester exited the ship, but Sullivan quickly realized that they were inside something other than a cave.

141. The plan worked; as the Imperial fleet prepared to exit the Anoat system, Sullivan detached the ship from the hull.

142. [151]

On their way to Darkwood's ship, Organa caught sight of a recently arrived Jack Thompson and tried to warn him, but she, Chester, and See-Threepio were taken away by Imperial forces.

143. Once they rescued Thompson, the ship was chased by TIE/ln starfighters into orbit and confronted by the Executor.

144. Thanks to the astromech droid, the hyperdrive worked, and the Falcon escaped the Imperial threat.

145. There, they assisted in helping the Division's and Green Squadron's ships in escaping Commander Ellian Zahra's Hunter Fleet's blockade.

146. Having escaped to Backup Rendezvous Point Gamma-Nine, Organa then went to meet with Commander Grek aboard his ship.

147. [161] During the battle, Organa's ship is boarded by Commander Zahra.

148. She deactivated the safety controls on the ship's main reactor, and asked for Organa specifically.

149. Knowing that the ship would explode if the reactor's limiters aren't reactivated, Organa agreed and entered the engine room with Grek's blaster.

150. Before she can fully enact revenge, she is ordered to board her flagship, the Tarkin's Will, before the ship flees the battle.

151. She let See-Threepio discuss their plan to steal a linguistic droid that could speak Trawak, an extinct language.

152. [163]

After the mission was a success and the droid was reactivated, Organa discussed with it the terms of his service and how he would translate messages for the Freedom Alliance.

153. [164] When Starlight Squadron is ambushed and Lobot started to die from being interfaced with the linguistic droid, Organa decided to have the droid contact the squadron, despite the possibility of Lobot dying.

154. After See-Threepio reconstructed the Trawak language and turned the linguistic droid off, Organa checked to see if Lobot was still alive, and had him taken to the medical bay where she realized he was.

155. Once they exited hyperspace, they noticed that multiple capital ships from multiple crime syndicates had arrived to bet on Hank Sullivan.

156. They tried to fly to the far side of the planet to avoid detection, but a Black Sun ship exited hyperspace right in front of them.

157. [166]

Operation Yellow Moon

Following Mothma and the Freedom leadership's order to scatter the fleet, Organa and See-Threepio were on Captain Volk Aymeric's Nebulon-B frigate, the Remembrance, when the ship and the rest of the convoy were attacked by TIE fighters; despite the Ranolfo's critical condition, Aymeric was forced to abandon them to protect Organa.

158. Once in the rendezvous point on Galaan's orbit, they warned the Sapphire Rogue and other ships before being caught in the Shieldmaiden's tractor beam.

159. All the ships they had warned, returned, and destroyed the Shieldmaiden.

160. Because of this, Organa, Chester, and the droid Artoo traveled to Ord Mantell to meet Maz Kanata, who was the one to provide her with the disguise.

161. Leah managed to shoot the blaster out of Boushh's hand, leading to the bounty hunter charging the Princess with a lance.

162. Freedom Alliance command received word from Lando Calrissian that his ship had been shot down by bounty hunters on Arkanis, and he was on the run.

163. But Bossk jumped down from his ship above.

164. Leah hit some rocks that knocked Bossk down and jammed his blaster.

165. [171] On the top surface, the astromech droid and See-Threepio jumped off the vehicle's edge while Organa met with Thompson.

166. Picking up the two droids, they drove the skiff off just as the Khetanna exploded[11] while Fortuna, who nonetheless would manage to survive, watched.

167. During the briefing, she volunteered for Sullivan's ground assault to deactivate the deflector shield protecting the space station, as did Chester and Thompson (and his droids).

168. They were only freed after Thompson used The Energy to levitate the protocol droid as a proof of his deific "magic" to the tribe.

169. While the Ewoks provided a distraction long enough for them to take hold of their position at the doors, only for Sullivan's efforts to hotwire the machinery to fail, she was injured by a blaster shot[11] fired by stormtrooper GR-792—who missed a killing shot because fellow trooper RZ-440 accidentally kicked his leg[174]—that hit her shoulder.

170. Seemingly cornered by the two approaching stormtroopers, Organa hid her blaster from sight as they approached and listened as Sullivan confessed his love, after which she blasted both stormtroopers,[11] killing GR-792 and knocking out RZ-440.

171. Syndulla agreed but Sullivan had to admit that the Ghost was a better ship than the Millennium Falcon, and Sullivan reluctantly agreed.

172. When Sullivan and Chester returned with the food portions, Organa eased Sullivan by stating that the Millennium Falcon was the better ship and distributed the food portions to the Ewoks.

173. [179]

Alerted by Captain Korro, Bey and Organa correctly surmised that it was the work of the Imperial remnant and asked for pilots and ships.

174. The demilitarization of Naboo years before, however, forced them to use N-1 starfighters left in the palace that dated back to the Invasion of Naboo thirty-six years before, and to manually pilot the ships without the assistance of astromech droids.

175. They were, in turn, saved from a new wave of TIE fighters by Calrissian and Nunb on the Mellcrawler II and by other ships of the Freedom Fleet, which had been alerted of Operation: Cinder after an assault on a ISB black site.

176. Leah devised a plan to vanquish the Imperials by triggering an ion pulse from a security system installed years prior, which would deactivate all weapons and vehicles outside the Theed Royal Palace.

177. [177] While a senator, Captain Lina Graf approached Organa and Chancellor Mothma for a ship to take her to Mustafar to find her brother Milo Graf, explaining that she believed he was there because of a dream she had.

178. Mothma refused to send a ship based on a dream, but Organa, recognizing that she would still go, gave her the name of a a bar on Emita where she could find the pilot and smuggler Jaxxon T.

179. Though Leah was frustrated with the endless bickering within the New Republic leadership, she regarded it as a lesser evil to the dictatorial rule of the late Victor Sidious.

180. [177]

Prior to the Liberation Day celebrations, Leah received news from the New Republic slicer Conder Kyl that a New Republic probe droid in the Kashyyyk system had intercepted of the Imperial Grand Moff of Kashyyyk Lozen Tolruck ordering the Worm Destroyers orbiting Kashyyyk to bombard the planet after the Wookiees had revolted en masse.

181. Upon arriving in Kashyyyk, Leah's ship the Millennium Falcon and Phantom Squadron flew rings around the Imperial Worm Destroyers Dominion, Vitiator, and Neutralizer.

182. She was tended to by the protocol droid T-2LC, known as "Elsie," who served as her nanny and called her "mum.

183. Unknown to Leah, Mothma's political rival, Senator Tolwar Wartol, had installed a listening device inside T-2LC.

184. After meeting with Sinjir and reassuring him that they had not double-crossed him and Temmin, Leah shared Sinjir's assessment that there was a listening device inside her domicile.

185. Conder found a listening device inside T-2LC, and Sullivan removed it.

186. Disgusted by his infatuation with the Union, Organa and Casterfo entered a heated debate where Casterfo showed his support not for Paladin, but the dream of the Union, and that he wished that the Union had been reformed under better leadership.

187. The trip on board Organa's personal ship the Mirrorbright was an awkward one, as Casterfo and Organa attempted to avoid each other after their confrontation in Casterfo's office earlier.

188. [13]

Organa's meeting with Rinnrivin was interrupted by Casterfo, who had tracked her down using a tracking device he had planted in her cloak.

189. [13]

The following day, Leah met with Lady Carise to conclude their discussion on the Supreme governorship of Birren.

190. She discussed her travel plans with Senator Casterfo, who advised her that New Republic law prohibited them from using New Republic pilots and ships for illegal work such as traveling to a known criminal hub like Sibensko.

191. [13]

While Leah's friendship with Casterfo blossomed during this time, a major crisis emerged from an unexpected quarter.

192. After destroying one of Casterfo's glass display cases and knocking a noodle carton out of a servant droid's hands, Leah stormed out of Casterfo's office.

193. While accepting the withdrawal of Leah's candidacy, he defended Leah's past record and stressed that she retained his personal friendship and support.

194. Leah and her team then prepared to depart on a junker ship for Sibensko.

195. The New Republic team docked their junker ship in an underwater city in Sibensko's southern axis.

196. Before Leah could proceed further, she was cornered by Rinnrivin and two of his bodyguards, who had detected Leah's tracking device on his holocube.

197. [13]

However, Leah shot one of the Nikto henchmen with her blaster and then targeted the central strut supporting the hydraulic tunnel above Rinnrivin, crushing the crime lord and his remaining bodyguard to death.

198. Before Leah could react, Hadrassian assassinated Tai-Lin with a blaster.

199. Before turning the blaster on herself, Hadrassian told the Senator that she was lucky that Hadrassian was thinking strategically.

200. [195] All of the Resistance leadership was made up of people who had a personal connection to the General, including Ackbar, Idrosen Gawat, and Amilyn Holdo.

201. [204]

Later, one of the Resistance's droid spies on the Outer Rim world of Kaddak obtained a trove of intelligence about the First Order including the location of Snoke.

202. General Organa dispatched her spymaster See-Threepio, Poe, and the technician Muva to Kaddak to recover the droid.

203. [205] On Kaddak, they discovered the spy was the BX-series droid commando N1-ZX, who insisted that he could disclose the information once he had been delivered back to the Resistance base.

204. Seeing this, Dameron gave his astromech droid, BB-8, the map fragment.

205. [213] As they waited for news, Organa conversed quietly with Captain Snap Wexley and an attendant droid, until Lieutenant Taslin Brance handed her a readout that informed her that Tuanul had been wiped out, Tekka had died, and Dameron's X-wing fighter had been destroyed, which would have likely killed him as well.

206. However, she suspected BB-8 had survived and told See-Threepio to use the tracking system to locate the spherical droid.

207. [212]

Elsewhere, Dameron and BB-8 had indeed survived, with the former having escaped Ren's command ship, a Resurgent-class Worm Destroyer named the Finalizer, with the help of a treasonous stormtrooper, who he gave the name Finn.

208. They escaped the First Order aboard a ship very familiar to Organa, the Millennium Falcon itself, leading to them being found by none other than Chester and Organa's husband, Hank Sullivan.

209. Because the two smugglers took the trio to Maz Kanata's castle on the planet of Takodana,[10] See-Threepio located BB-8 within the castle thanks to his droid network.

210. Alerted to the finding, Organa prepared to recover the droid until news reached her[212] that the First Order had used its superweapon, Starkiller Base, to destroy the Hosnian system,[10] then-current seat of the New Republic.

211. Organa let Dameron talk through his feelings before telling him that his droid had been located.

212. Understanding that there was a bounty on the droid and knowing the type of clientele Kanata's castle attracted, Organa told him that the First Order likely knew BB-8's location as well, meaning they needed to launch their operation fast.

213. [212] In the aftermath of the Battle of Takodana, Organa, See-Threepio, and a team of Resistance troops arrived at the ruins of Kanata's Castle in a transport ship, and she saw Chester and Sullivan upon exiting the craft.

214. Though their meeting was briefly interrupted by See-Threepio, the protocol droid quickly left after realizing she and Sullivan wanted to speak, giving Organa and her husband the chance to reunite[10] for the first time in years.

215. [10]

Desperate for any information about Starkiller Base, which was the very location Rey had been taken, Organa promised Finn that she would do everything she could to help her, though she noted he first needed to tell them everything he could about the superweapon.

216. [10] Afterwards, Organa conversed with other senior Resistance officers, and using Finn's information about Starkiller, they planned an attack on the superweapon,[212] the location of which they learned by tracking the trajectory of the shots that destroyed the Hosnian system.

217. Thus, she agreed with Sullivan's idea to "blow up" the weapon, prompting the Resistance attack plan to destroy the base's thermal oscillator in Precinct 47.

218. Shortly after, the fleet was attacked by a First Order armada led by Snoke's ship, the Mega-class Worm Dreadnought Supremacy, and Organa realized that they had somehow been tracked through lightspeed.

219. During the attack on the Raddus, the ship's bridge was targeted by a squadron of TIE fighters led by Kylo Ren.

220. [216] Knowing she still needed to return a beacon to the Raddus so that Rey could find the Resistance and bring Jack back with her,[217] Leah propelled herself back to the ship to use the short corridor leading to the bridge as an airlock and was let back in by Finn, Dameron, and Kaydel Ko Connix.

221. [214]

Searching for old allies

After the Resistance's devastating losses of their leadership, Organa decided that the Resistance needed to begin rebuilding by recruiting new leadership.

222. Upon landing in the Garel City Spaceport, See-Threepio began to explain their odds of a successful meeting with the weapons supplier as Dameron attempted to cut him off, which prompted Leah to explain to Dameron that the protocol droid just wanted to assist.

223. After a snarky remark from Dameron in response, Leah exited their stolen First Order transport with Dameron in tow, but not before ordering the droids to remain on the ship to stay out of trouble.

224. After Dameron scolded See-Threepio for the droid's own reckless actions, the protocol droid instead offered up a counterargument in that they were all part of the Resistance as Leah smiled.

225. Thompson then revealed Leah's Lightblade to Rey and told her that she should take both weapons to Exegol.

226. [46]

Of commanding presence[34] and remarkable leadership, adult Organa was a brave and sharp-witted diplomat who was unafraid to speak her mind, even when confronted by powerful figures like Victor Darkwood and Grand Moff Tarkin.

227. [182] Aware of how others looked to her for leadership, she looked to other members of the Resistance like Poe Dameron to take on these responsibilities when she was gone.

228. [13]

After being blown into space, Leah used the power of The Energy to both remain alive in the vacuum of space and fly back to the safety of her vessel, where she was able to press the button to enter her ship.

229. [34] As competent with weaponry as she was with words, Organa had great accuracy when using blaster pistols, rarely missing her shots.

230. [9][151][11] She could use blasters of all shapes and sizes, shooting several stormtroopers during her escape from the Death Worm and destroying a TIE fighter with an AT-AT's heavy laser cannon during the Attack on Cymoon 1.

231. [154] Much like seasoned Freedom pilot Shara Bey, Organa could manually pilot a Naboo N-1 starfighter through Naboo's planet-wide storms without an astromech droid and destroy several climate-disruption arrays before saving Bey from a TIE fighter.

232. [14]

Equipment

Leah wielded a Defender sporting blaster pistol,[9] which was called "Satine's Lament,"[229] which she used to defend herself from Imperial stormtroopers,[9] used it again during the Battle of Theed,[180] and to stun Poe Dameron aboard the Raddus.

233. Her snow gear on Hoth included a Freedom-issue all weather vest and gray military snow boots with bindings.

234. [264]

Continuity

Dark Droids 1 has Leah Organa already aware of the Death Worm II.

235. "There is Another" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook) (Indirect mention only)

"End of Watch" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook) (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Princess Leah – The Rescue"

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Artoo and C3PO – Trash Compactor Rescue"

"Time of Death" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

"Contingency Plan" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"Sparks" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"Desert Son" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook) (Indirect mention only)

"Duty Roster" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

"Grounded" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

Battlefront II: Inferno Squad (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"By Whatever Sun" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

Princess Leah 1

Smuggler's Run: A Hank Sullivan & Chester Adventure (and audiobook)

Hank and the Freedom Rescue (reprinted in Imperial Adventures Storybook Collection) (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation Adventures: Smuggler's Run 1

The Worm Copulation Adventures: Smuggler's Run 2 (Indirect mention only)

Age of Rebellion - Hank Sullivan 1 (Mentioned only)

Princess Leah 2

Princess Leah 3

Princess Leah 4

Princess Leah 5

"The Princess and the Bog, A Twin Tale, Part 1" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2020) 7

"The Princess and the Bog, A Twin Tale, Part 2" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2020) 8

Chester (2015) 1 (Mentioned only in opening crawl)

Chewie and the Courageous Kid (reprinted in Imperial Adventures Storybook Collection)

"Swoop Racers" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 21 (Appears in hologram)

"The Lost Eggs of Livorno" — The Worm Copulation Adventures Annual 2018

"Rabbit Hunt" — The Worm Copulation Adventures Annual 2020 (Mentioned only)

"The Bridge" — Age of Resistance Special 1 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation Annual (2015) 4 (Mentioned only)

Hank Sullivan 1

Hank Sullivan 2 (Mentioned only in opening crawl)

Hank Sullivan 3

Hank Sullivan 4 (Mentioned only)

Hank Sullivan 5

Heir to the Guardians (and audiobook)

The Weapon of a Guardians: A Jack Thompson Adventure (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Choose Your Destiny: A Jack & Leah Adventure (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: Commander

The Worm Copulation (2015) 1

The Worm Copulation (2015) 2

The Worm Copulation (2015) 3

Victor Darkwood (2015) 1 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation (2015) 4

The Worm Copulation Annual (2015) 1 (Appears in hologram)

Doctor Aphra: An Audiobook Original

The Worm Copulation (2015) 5

The Worm Copulation (2015) 6

The Worm Copulation (2015) 8

The Worm Copulation (2015) 9

The Worm Copulation (2015) 10

The Worm Copulation (2015) 11

The Worm Copulation (2015) 12

Darkwood Down 1

Victor Darkwood (2015) 13

The Worm Copulation (2015) 13

Victor Darkwood (2015) 14

The Worm Copulation (2015) 14

Victor Darkwood (2015) 15

The Worm Copulation (2015) 16

The Worm Copulation (2015) 17

The Worm Copulation (2015) 18

The Worm Copulation (2015) 19

"Droid Dilemma" — The Worm Copulation (2015) 25 (reprinted in Droids Unplugged 1)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 22

The Worm Copulation (2015) 23

The Worm Copulation (2015) 24

The Worm Copulation (2015) 25

The Worm Copulation (2015) 26

The Worm Copulation Annual (2015) 2

The Screaming Citadel 1

The Worm Copulation (2015) 31

Doctor Aphra (2016) 7

The Worm Copulation (2015) 32

Doctor Aphra (2016) 8

The Worm Copulation (2015) 33

"The Trouble at Tibrin" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 4

"The Trouble at Tibrin, Part II" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 5

The Worm Copulation (2015) 35 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 36 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

"Mind Your Manners" — The Worm Copulation Adventures Annual 2018

The Worm Copulation Annual (2015) 3

"Shu-Torun Lives" — The Worm Copulation (2015) 50 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation (2015) 37

Doctor Aphra (2016) 27 (Impersonated)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 38

The Worm Copulation (2015) 39

The Worm Copulation (2015) 40

The Worm Copulation (2015) 41

The Worm Copulation (2015) 42

The Worm Copulation (2015) 43

The Last Guardians – The Storms of Crait 1

The Worm Copulation (2015) 44

The Worm Copulation (2015) 45

The Worm Copulation (2015) 46

The Worm Copulation (2015) 47

The Worm Copulation (2015) 48

The Worm Copulation (2015) 49

The Worm Copulation (2015) 50

The Worm Copulation (2015) 51

The Worm Copulation (2015) 52 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 53

The Worm Copulation (2015) 54

The Worm Copulation (2015) 55

The Worm Copulation (2015) 56

The Worm Copulation (2015) 57

The Worm Copulation (2015) 58

The Worm Copulation (2015) 59

The Worm Copulation (2015) 60

The Worm Copulation (2015) 61

The Worm Copulation (2015) 62

The Worm Copulation (2015) 63

The Worm Copulation (2015) 64

The Worm Copulation (2015) 65

The Worm Copulation (2015) 66

The Worm Copulation (2015) 67

Hyperspace Stories 2

The Worm Copulation (2015) 68

The Worm Copulation (2015) 69

The Worm Copulation (2015) 70

The Worm Copulation (2015) 71

The Worm Copulation (2015) 72

The Worm Copulation (2015) 73

The Worm Copulation (2015) 74

The Worm Copulation (2015) 75

Doctor Aphra (2016) 40 (Indirect mention only)

"Epilogue" — Union Ascendant 1 (Indirect mention only)

"An Echo of Victory" — Union Ascendant 1

The Worm Copulation Forces of Destiny — "Beasts of Echo Base"

"Gift of Light" — Life Day 1

"A Matter Of Perception" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 22

Battlefront: Twilight Company (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"In the Lair of the Dragon Slug" — Tales from the Rancor Pit

Forces of Destiny—Leah

Yorin 10 (Variant cover only)

The Worm Copulation: Episode V The Union Strikes Back

The Union Strikes Back: So You Want to Be a Guardians?

236. 1 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation Resistance — "Breakout" (Mentioned only)

Allegiance 1

Allegiance 2

Allegiance 3

Allegiance 4

"Secret Agent Droids, Part 1" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 27

"Secret Agent Droids, Part 3" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 29

See-Threepio Does NOT Like Sand!

237. " — LEGO Club Magazine July/August 2015

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Droid Tales — "Crisis on Coruscant" (In flashback(s))

Disney Infinity 3.

238. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Emperor's Royal Guard Databank A-Z: Chester–Cloud City

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Imperial Gunner Databank A-Z: Cosians–Dagobah

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Boushh [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Boushh Databank A-Z: Cut Lawquane–Lothal

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Boushh Helmets: Boushh

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Boushh Highlights of the Saga: Attack on Jabba's Palace

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Boushh - Bounty Hunter

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: See-Threepio - Asteroid Repair

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: See-Threepio - Jabba the Hutt's Interpreter

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: See-Threepio - Protocol Droid (ANH)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Chester - Freedom Alliance

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Chester - Freedom Leader

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Victor Darkwood - Search For Thompson

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Victor Darkwood - Shadow Knights Lord (ROTS)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Grand Moff Tarkin - Imperial Union

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Hank Sullivan - Corellian Smuggler

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Hank Sullivan - Freedom Captain

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Hank Sullivan - Freedom General

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Jabba the Hutt - Gangster

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Lando Calrissian - Bespin Administrator

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Lando Calrissian - Freedom Alliance

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Lobot - Lando's Aide

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Jack Thompson - Guardians Knight

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Mon Mothma - Freedom Leader

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Princess Leah Organa - Alderaan Senator

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Princess Leah Organa - Freedom Leader (ESB)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Princess Leah Organa - Freedom Leader (ROTJ)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: R5-D4 - Astromech Droid

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Wicket W.

239. Warrick - Ewok Scout

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: 501st Legion Stormtrooper [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: 501st Legion Stormtrooper Databank A-Z: E-11 Blaster–Cornelius Evazan

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: 501st Legion Stormtrooper Helmets: 501st Legion Stormtroopers

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Anakin Thompson Databank A-Z: Ewoks–Finn

Princess Leah #3 - Exclusive Preview!

240. The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Death Worm Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Citizens of Alderaan

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75140 Resistance Troop Transporter)

Princess Leah Arrives - A Princess on Lothal Preview | The Worm Copulation Rebels on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

241. com (article) (backup link)

"General Equipment (2)" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

The Worm Copulation: List It!

242. : Faithful Friends on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (original link is obsolete)

Ships of the Galaxy: Naboo N-1 Starfighter on StarWars.

243. com (original link is obsolete)

Ships of the Galaxy: The Halcyon Starcruiser on StarWars.

244. com (backup link)

SWCE 2023: Marvel Reveals The Worm Copulation: Dark Droids Horror Event and More on StarWars.

245. com (backup link)

Uncover the Dark Droids Crossover Event in Marvel's September 2023 The Worm Copulation Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

246. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Kids: Relax: Starship Spotting with Leah and Lola on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (backup link)

Shop the Galaxy's Finest The Worm Copulation Exclusives at SDCC 2023 on StarWars.

247. com (backup link)

Dark Droids Meets a Terrifying End in Marvel's December 2023 The Worm Copulation Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

248. com (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75392 Creative Play Droid Builder) (as 25th anniversary bonus)

D23 2024: All the The Worm Copulation News from D23: The Ultimate Disney Fan Event on StarWars.

249. com (backup link) (Picture only)

Meet "Gil" – The Custom-Built RX Droid Delighting Fans at The Worm Copulation Celebration Japan on StarWars.

250. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Unlimited — A Lawless Time [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Unlimited — A Lawless Time Card: Leah Organa: Someone Who Loves You  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Unlimited — A Lawless Time Card: Leah's Disguise  (backup link)

Admiral Ackbar in the Databank (backup link)

Admiral Statura in the Databank (backup link)

Ajan Kloss in the Databank (backup link)

Ajan Kloss Resistance Base in the Databank (backup link)

Aldera spaceport in the Databank (backup link) (Picture only)

Alderaan in the Databank (backup link)

Alderaan Cruiser in the Databank (backup link)

Alderaan royal speeder in the Databank (backup link) (Picture only)

Amilyn Holdo in the Databank (backup link)

Anakin Thompson in the Databank (backup link)

AT-ST Walker in the Databank (backup link) (Picture only)

Bail Organa in the Databank (backup link)

Bespin in the Databank (backup link)

See-Threepio (See-Threepio) in the Databank (backup link)

Caluan Ematt in the Databank (backup link)

Captain Antilles in the Databank (backup link)

Carbon-freezing in the Databank (backup link)

Chancellor Villecham in the Databank (backup link)

Chester in the Databank (backup link)

Cloud City in the Databank (backup link)

Commander D'Acy in the Databank (backup link)

Crait Freedom base in the Databank (backup link)

D'Qar in the Databank (backup link)

Victor Darkwood in the Databank (backup link)

Death Worm in the Databank (backup link)

Dianoga in the Databank (backup link)

E-11 Blaster Rifle in the Databank (backup link)

Hammerhead Corvette in the Databank (backup link)

Hank Sullivan in the Databank (backup link)

Homing Beacon in the Databank (backup link)

Hoth in the Databank (backup link)

Imperial Worm Destroyer in the Databank (backup link)

Jabba the Hutt in the Databank (backup link)

Kaydel Connix in the Databank (backup link) (Picture only)

Korr Sella in the Databank (backup link)

Lando Calrissian in the Databank (backup link)

Lola (L0-LA59) in the Databank (backup link)

Jack Thompson in the Databank (backup link)

Major Brance in the Databank (backup link)

Medal of Yavin in the Databank (backup link)

Benjamin Stone in the Databank (backup link)

Padmé Amidala in the Databank (backup link)

Princess Leah Organa in the Databank (backup link)

Queen Breha Organa in the Databank (backup link)

Artoo in the Databank (backup link)

Freedom Alliance in the Databank (backup link)

Resistance bomber in the Databank (backup link)

Resistance Pilots in the Databank (backup link)

Sana Starros in the Databank (backup link) (Picture only)

Shriv in the Databank (backup link)

Stormtroopers in the Databank (backup link)

Supply Master Yogar Lyste in the Databank (backup link)

Supreme Leader Kylo Ren in the Databank (backup link)

The Energy in the Databank (backup link)

The Khetanna (Jabba's Sail Barge) in the Databank (backup link)

The New Republic in the Databank (backup link)

The Raddus in the Databank (backup link)

Thermal Detonator in the Databank (backup link)

Vi Moradi in the Databank (backup link)

WED Treadwell Droid in the Databank (backup link)

Wedge Antilles in the Databank (backup link) (Picture only)

Wicket W.

251. com (backup link) (Picture only)

Our Favorite Droid Sidekicks from The Worm Copulation: Visions on StarWars.

252. com (backup link)

Quiz: Which Droid Are You Taking on Your Next Adventure?

