Тема: relationships
Описание: Отношения с другими персонажами, друзья, враги, союзники
Персонаж: Benjamin_Stone
Оригинальное имя: Obi-Wan_Kenobi
Количество предложений: 186
============================================================

001. ({{Update}}) The article needs to be updated with Resolve, Padawan, Master & Apprentice, The Shadow Knights Lord, Mace Windu: The Glass Abyss, The Lesson, Inquisitor: Rise of the Red Blade, Brotherhood, Hyperspace Stories 1, Hyperspace Stories 5, The Eye of the Beholder, Practice Makes Perfect, Hyperspace Stories 10, Worthless, Reign of the Union: The Mask of Fear, The Worm Copulation: Victor Darkwood (2017), The Worm Copulation: Benjamin Stone, Benjamin 1, Benjamin 2, Benjamin 3, Benjamin 4, Benjamin 5, From a Certain Point of View, The Worm Copulation: Yorin, From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back, The Worm Copulation: Victor Darkwood (2020), The Worm Copulation (2020) 35, The Worm Copulation (2020) 43, From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians, The Princess and the Scoundrel, Energy Collector, The Grand Army of the Republic, The End of the Clone Copulation, The Worm Copulation: The Secrets of the Bounty Hunters, The Worm Copulation: My First Comic Reader 1.

002. In the midst of the war, his old enemy Maul re-emerged into Imperial affairs, bent on revenge against Stone for his debilitating defeat decades prior.

003. Though they clashed in heated duels on multiple occasions, Maul failed to end Stone's life or cripple his spirit, despite murdering his former love, Satine Kryze, Duchess of Mandalore.

004. After discovering that Thompson had turned to the dark side of The Energy, becoming Sidious' Shadow Knights apprentice under the name of Victor Darkwood, Stone defeated his former Padawan on Mustafar and exiled himself to the Outer Rim planet Tatooine as the Imperial Union rose to power.

005. Later, Stone was hunted down once again by Maul, whom he finally slew to protect the young Jack.

006. [1][4] In the Guardians crèche he was placed with other Guardians younglings[18] in the Kybuck Clan during his early years, including his friends Gehren[12] and Prie.

007. [19]

Stone studied in the ways of The Energy[1] and Guardians traditions[20] under Grand Master Yorin,[1] eventually coming to respect him and the Guardians Council greatly.

008. During his apprenticeship he became friends with Jape, a fellow Padawan who he kept correspondence with, and also maintained contact with crèche-mate Prie[18] and the Mon Calamari Bant Eerin.

009. [29] He met a Besalisk named Dexter Jettster, who became a close friend.

010. Eventually, the Guardians managed to depart the planet after making tenuous peace with Wanbo.

011. Both Guardians were additionally instructed to to protect the Pijali Crown Princess Fanry until she could sign the treaty at her coronation, and ratify the initiative on behalf of the Republic.

012. Jinn and Stone were regally greeted by Fanry upon their arrival to the Pijali palace.

013. However, she eventually chose to seek allies on Coruscant instead.

014. [14]

Upon their arrival on the planet, Jinn and Stone went directly to the Guardians Council to report on the mysterious attacker, whom Jinn believed to be a Shadow Knights Lord.

015. He told Master Yorin that he would bring his apprentice with him, to which Yorin surprisingly agreed.

016. [11]

Upon their arrival, Stone met mistress Clatriffe, who told of her troubles with the local pirates.

017. Stone examined the Holocron, but did not open it due to the arrival of the Krypder Riders and their leader, Hudso Shaku.

018. [48]

Mission to Carnelion IV

Before Thompson could give his definite answer, at Yorin's behest, both student and master responded to a mysterious distress signal from the supposedly-dead world of Carnelion IV that specifically called for Guardians intercession.

019. Whilst on Glee Anselm, they located Yorin in an underwater base, where they learned that the Grand Master had never really been captured.

020. Stone, then, took the toxic dart to his friend Dexter Jettster, who told him that it was a Kamino saberdart.

021. Stone, Amidala, and Thompson were saved by the arrival of a Guardians task Energy led by Mace Windu who refused to surrender to Dooku, intending to complete their rescue.

022. As they flew, Thompson instructed their clone pilots on how best to shoot down enemy forces, which Stone complimented.

023. The former Guardians's use of Energy lightning revealed his fall to the dark side, prompting Stone to be wary when his apprentice was downed by it.

024. Dooku moved toward them both, but Yorin arrived shortly after to fight his former apprentice in a Lightblade duel.

025. He told the Councillors that his apprentice was escorting Amidala back to Naboo before returning to the Temple, which they accepted.

026. However, he firmly chose to keep knowledge of his relationship with the Senator secret from Stone despite the strain of the deception.

027. As days passed, Thompson eventually chose to return to Coruscant, citing that he had not informed his Master of a reason to remain on Naboo.

028. Not long after on Coruscant, the handmaiden Sabé initially worried that Stone would notice her posing in Amidala's place while at a meeting in the Guardians Temple.

029. When Thompson left the gathering, Sabé noticed Stone attempt to convince his former apprentice to talk to the Alderaanian Senator Bail Organa.

030. [30] As a result, Stone was promoted to Guardians Master after his apprentice's knighting.

031. [4]

Rising through the ranks

After Thompson had already been promoted, Stone attended his former apprentice's official Knighting Ceremony, which was being officiated by Master Windu.

032. When Windu brought up the possibility of the recently-knighted Guardians receiving Padawans of their own, Stone caught Thompson's eye, smirking as the thought of an apprentice irked Thompson.

033. His thoughts lingered on his former apprentice for several seconds, pondering how his emotional transition into a Guardians Knight had been rougher than expected.

034. Thompson believed that he had saved his former mentor from the danger, while Stone believed the action did not count towards the ever-growing total of times his former apprentice had saved his life.

035. [65] Accepting they were no longer master and apprentice, the two left the Cato Neimoidia mission as brothers-in-arms.

036. Despite the frigid temperatures, Stone made a plan to construct a sabotaged project to replace the bridge the Separatist leader had originally destroyed and instructed the clone troopers with him to assist.

037. As the structure was being made, the qubey distracted Grievous enough for Stone to retrieve his Lightblade when the enemy leader came to inspect it's construction in a surprise ambush.

038. After working swiftly to destroy an encampment of battle droids, Koon instructed the trio that their objective was to prevent the Hisseenian premier from revealing the location of his fellow parliament members to Dooku and[69] his apprentice,[4] Asajj Ventress—who would kill or threaten them.

039. [69] The Guardians searched to discover the location of the parliament, initially coming up with nothing.

040. Stone then gave orders to Thompson to sneak past the blockade and deliver the supplies to Organa's encampment in secret, which his former apprentice felt was similar to an errand.

041. Stone attempted to order his former apprentice to cease and head to Christophsis' surface with increasing urgency after making contact with Organa's bombarded command center and hearing the senator's pleas, but was ignored.

042. [72]

After analysis, Cody and Thompson's clone officer, Clone Captain Rex, reported to the Guardians that the enemy had known exactly where their ambush was going to be.

043. When the Guardians took BARC speeders behind enemy lines, Separatist forces jammed their transmissions, which left Rex and Cody unable to contact them.

044. However, on Christophsis, the Guardians pair continued to fight against more waves of enemy Separatist droids.

045. Though the Stone assumed Tano would be his new apprentice, she corrected him, relaying that Thompson was to be her teacher.

046. Meanwhile, he went under the shield with some of his troopers and began attacking enemy forces.

047. Once the fight concluded, Stone contacted his former apprentice and informed him that he would come to Tatooine to help as soon as Teth's situation settled.

048. Thompson and Senator Amidala were sent on board the Hutt-owned MPO-1400 Purgill-class Worm cruiser known as the Halcyon to catch the rogue senator, while Stone staked out the planned arrival port of the Halcyon with a unit of clone troopers.

049. Eventually, the Senator was successful in delivering some of the supplies and gaining the favor of the Toydarian king.

050. Upon questioning where his former apprentice was, Yularen explained the other general's self-redeployment to search for survivors in the Abregado system against orders.

051. As his former apprentice engaged the enemy vessel, Stone entered the system and began destroying the massive warship using the combined firepower of his fleet as the enemy vessel fled.

052. The Master concluded that this could be the Republic's opportunity to destroy Grievous by firing on the enemy ship's bridge, having surmised that the Malevolence's hyperdrive was damaged due to the vessel not fleeing.

053. Though the older Guardians was skeptical of the plan and his former apprentice's flying tricks, Thompson claimed that the enemy forces were focused on handling repairs rather than watching for intruders.

054. The pair briefly discussed the intelligence they had regarding the matter, with Stone noting that they would find the enemy general eventually.

055. He and his former apprentice were present for Cody's report on his inspections to a Pastil tracking station, and the commander further said that his next inspection would be at a listening post station in the Rishi system—an outpost crucial to warning Kamino of potential Separatist attacks.

056. Stone then traveled to his friend's last known location—an ice field near the Outer Rim planet Vanqor—using an enviro-suit[88] and jetpack to travel through space.

057. The Guardians Master watched in amusement as a large gundark went after his former apprentice, but eventually helped him throw rocks at the creature to cease its attacks.

058. When Dooku opened their cell using a Energy-levitated knife, Stone grudgingly told his former apprentice to let the Separatist focus.

059. Eventually, Dooku broke them through a wall and they raced to the edge of the compound.

060. Upon trying to leave Iego, the two Guardians discovered that "Drol" was actually a Separatist laser security system surrounding the planet and enlisted Hood's help in destroying it despite the skepticism of the other natives.

061. [97]

Using a grappling hook, Stone pursued Bane across several rooftops, but eventually watched the bounty hunter escape in a Rogue-class Porax-38 starfighter Xanadu Blood.

062. Though Windu felt that this was an internal matter, Thompson insisted on reporting to Paladin of the discover, which the younger Guardians's former Master eventually agreed to.

063. Stone and Thompson proceeded to argue about which direction to go, but eventually followed Tano's lead after seeing smoke in the sky indicating civilization.

064. [103] He was also present alongside Master Yorin and Master Windu to assign Billaba and her battalion to engage the enemy on Mygeeto.

065. There, he met Prime Minister Almec and re-encountered his old friend, Kryze, who assured him that she was not behind an attack on a Republic cruiser.

066. As debris rained down into the seas on Kamino, Stone warned Thompson not to attack, believing that not even Grievous would attack so recklessly and that the enemy was up to something.

067. [111]

Ziro hunted

Later during the war, after the Senate hostage crisis, Stone was assigned to track down Ziro the Hutt and Cad Bane with his old friend, Guardians Master Quinlan Vos.

068. Though the Hutt Council denied involvement in this, Vos was able to psychometrically scan a cup, telling him and Stone that Ziro had been there.

069. When they got to the prison level, however, Ziro had already escaped due to help from his lover, Sy Snootles.

070. Upon arrival they formed two teams; Thompson and Tano went to talk to Queen Miraj Scintel disguised as master and slave, respectively, while Stone and Rex, disguised as Zygerrian traders, tried to locate the kidnapped colonists from Kiros.

071. [136]

Maul's return

Like Master Yorin and Thompson, Stone sensed a disturbance in The Energy,[138] one that signaled the return of his old enemy, former Shadow Knights Lord Maul, whom he believed to have killed on Naboo, only to have survived and make his way to a dump in Lotho Minor.

072. The two engaged in a fight and Stone was overpowered at the hands of his old enemy, who had the help of Opress.

073. Upon their arrival, the inhabitants told Stone about a Dark Lord that was plaguing their village was desecrating the Citadel of Light.

074. As the fight progressed, Gallia was slain by Opress and, after taking up his fallen comrade's Lightblade to help defend himself, Stone was forced to retreat and reunite with Ohnaka.

075. Eventually, he injures Opress' knee and cuts his left arm off.

076. [16] Stone noticed the super commandos surrounding his friend, wanting to go to Mandalore to help her.

077. [35] Realizing who was on planet, Maul personally hunted down Stone and managed to ensure that the Twilight was shot down before it could leave.

078. She ultimately died in Stone's arms saying with her last breath, that she always loved him and always would.

079. " Lom finally complied with the Guardians, and told them that they had been paid by a man called Tyranus to shoot Sifo-Dyas's shuttle down.

080. Though Mundi suggested the Dark Lord of the Shadow Knights could be using Yorin's connection to Dooku, Stone vehemently rejected the idea, saying they all had been apprenticed to Yorin at one point or another.

081. Finally, he questioned Stone on what would happen if he had turned out to be a "major disappointment," but Stone wanted to believe it would never happen.

082. After being placed under Yorin's supervision for some time, Vos was released to Stone's care so he could take Ventress' body back to Dathomir, where she would be finally reunited with her sisters.

083. [169]

Sometime after Billaba grew interested in making the youngling Caleb Dume her apprentice, Stone gave a lecture in the Guardians Temple central security station for younglings to learn about the Guardians recall signal, when Dume asked whether the same system could be used to warn Guardians away.

084. Rex attempted to cover for his friend, but Thompson soon exited, and the two began to depart for the Marauder.

085. Additionally, Echo decided to leave with the batch.

086. Knowing that Thompson had already decided how to act and would not change his mind, Stone gave his Apprentice the leadership of the battle.

087. [176]

While going to greet Tano and her allies, Thompson, who was still emotionally shocked to see his former apprentice again, claimed that it all made sense, in an attempt to understand Tano's decision to leave the Guardians Order.

088. [176]

Upon hearing Tano explain why so many had lost faith in the Guardians, Stone countered that the people of Coruscant needed them, but Tano believed that it was really about saving the Chancellor.

089. The cyborg General personally taunted them, giving Artoo enough time to free them and for Stone and Thompson to confront Grievous.

090. With this, he asked them once again to capture Maul so that they may finally be able to put an end to the mystery of Sidious.

091. The two exchanged goodbyes in what would be their last meeting as friends and allies, a fact neither was aware of, before Stone departed for Utapau.

092. [13]

Final clash with Grievous

Stone was accompanied to the planet by a fleet of Worm Destroyers and battalions of clone troopers that were three times the size of what was normally required to take one minor Worm system.

093. Initially, Benjamin slowly retreated[13] and let go of his fear.

094. [186]

Benjamin and Boga finally caught up with Grievous, he intended to reach his personal starfighter, the Soulless One, stationed at a landing platform distance from the main Separatist base he was aiming for[13] as a backup plan.

095. [13] He was relieved to find the small, flat-landing form deserted[188] and fled Utapau aboard Grievous's personal starfighter, the Soulless One, running past[13] the smoking[193] remains of his[13] former[193] cyborg rival one final time[13] without even sparing Grievous a fleeting glance.

096. [194]

Age of the Union

The fallen apprentice

Intending to infiltrate the building to shut off the Guardians recall beacon, Stone and Yorin made their way to the still-smoking Guardians Temple,[13] where they found clones were wearing Guardians robes in an attempt to trick Guardians survivors into a false sense of secruity.

097. [196]

Desperate for answers and despite Yorin's warning that he would only find pain, Stone checked the security recordings to find that Thompson had led his battalion of clones to attack the Temple, where he fought the Guardians & their Younglings and knelt to the newly-proclaimed Emperor, who was proud of his apprentice, now going by a new name—"Darkwood.

098. [13]

Unaffected by the Guardians's "lies" and unafraid of the dark side, Darkwood claimed that he'd brought peace, freedom, justice, and security to "[his] new Union," and told Stone, who declared his allegiance was to the Republic and the democracy it represented, that if he was not on his side, then, he was his enemy.

099. Realizing that his former apprentice was already too far gone to be reasoned with, Stone vowed to stop him at all costs, prompting the two to engage in a ferocious duel that caused substantial damage to the facility, just as Yorin and Sidious dueled in the Senate.

100. [13]

Eventually, Stone jumped to high ground on the embankment of the lava river, gaining advantage over Darkwood.

101. Despite Stone's warning not to try the jump, the Shadow Knights apprentice ignored him and did so anyway, allowing Stone to sever his remaining natural arm and both legs in one strike.

102. [13] Stone was left with the belief that his former apprentice had died, while thinking of how he's partly to blame for Anakin and Padme's relationship ending,[197] unaware of how the Emperor had arrived and saved his life by giving the new Shadow Knights Lord a suit of life-support armor.

103. [13]

After arriving on Naboo so that Amidala's funeral arrangements could be made, Yorin suggested that the children should be kept hidden and separated until the time was right: Organa would adopt Leah and take her to Alderaan as he and his wife, Queen Breha, had always talked about adopting a baby girl and promised that Leah would be loved.

104. [9][4] Stone had known immediately after finding this building, which was actually a long since abandoned prospector's hut, that it would serve him well.

105. [26] He spent little time in the cities and kept to himself, spending most of his time watching over the young Thompson, who he hoped to eventually train.

106. [206] Stone came to wonder many times what would have happened if he had directly begged Anakin not to destroy himself for the Order's failings, yelling to his apprentice he was worth so much more.

107. However, Leah eventually became suspicious of Stone and his intentions, not believing him to be a real Guardians.

108. [197]

Arriving on Mapuzo

While cargo shuttle transported Stone and Organa to the planet Mapuzo, the Guardians reflected on the news of his former apprentice's survival.

109. [10]

The two eventually reached the rendezvous point, but the contact was nowhere to be found.

110. The Imperial soldiers disclosed that they were searching for a nearby Guardians, and as they questioned Stone and Organa over their presence on Mapuzo, the Guardians accidentally used Organa's real name, instead of the fabricated name.

111. [10]

Fleeing once more, Stone was ambushed by the Shadow Knights Lord, and the Guardians engaged in a brief yet fierce duel with his old apprentice.

112. [10]

Infiltrating the Fortress Inquisitorius

Following his rematch against his old apprentice, the barely-conscious Stone was taken by Durith to Jabiim, one of the worlds where the Path helped move hunted Guardians to safety.

113. Initially reluctant to help Stone rescue the young Organa, Roken relented and assisted Stone in the operation.

114. [51]

To stall for time, Stone parlayed with Sevander, during which he was able to deduce her origin; she had been a padawan during the attack on the Guardians temple by Darkwood and the 501st, and had become an Inquisitor to hunt Darkwood down and kill him for his slaughter of her friends and fellow Guardians.

115. As a result, she was distrustful of the Guardians Master as he was not at the Temple to help her and her "family" escape the massacre, and thus rejected his help, pointing out that the Dark Lord had been his own Padawan and asking why he did not stop him.

116. After conferring with Roken, Stone decided to take a starship from the hangar and used it to draw Darkwood's attention, knowing that his former apprentice would be too obsessed with pursuing him to follow the Path any longer.

117. Stone then resumed his Lightblade duel with Darkwood, critically damaging Darkwood's chest plate with multiple strikes from his Lightblade's pommel, pummeling him with a boulder, and slashing him across the back before pushing him back with The Energy again, and then leaping at him, striking Darkwood's helmet with his Lightblade and revealing the scarred face of Anakin beneath.

118. [212]

Stone responded that his friend was truly dead before bidding Darkwood, whom he simply called "Victor," farewell.

119. Stating that she tried to bring herself to kill the young Thompson but could not, she broke down saying that she had failed all of her friends that Darkwood had murdered.

120. Stone, kneeling beside her, told her she hadn't failed her fellow padawans, stating that through her mercy, she gave her deceased friends peace and honored them.

121. " Later, as Stone continued on through the Dune Sea, he finally saw The Energy Spirit of his former master, Qui-Gon Jinn, appear to him.

122. While attempting to impress his friends with an ostentatious maneuver through the canyon, Jack badly damaged the skyhopper and was subsequently grounded from flying by his uncle.

123. He used whatever payment he earned from the job to hire the Jawas to deliver the necessary parts to fix the skyhopper.

124. Stone responded back with several snarky replies before finally relenting and saying he that he only ever wanted to help.

125. Coincidentally, Jabba the Hutt chose this time to send a Wookiee bounty hunter Krrsantan after Owen, who he believed was responsible for roughing up his tax collectors during the Great Drought.

126. [216]

Introducing himself once again

When Thompson was twelve years old[21] in around 7 BBY,[217] he went on an adventure with his friend Windy, riding a dewback, but they soon encountered a sandstorm and both lost consciousness.

127. Finally, the dragon sensed an opening when the knight seemed to tire.

128. His actions eventually led to the nomadic tribe forever ceasing any attempts to raid or kidnap from other settlements, a trait which became unique to them.

129. [224]

Soon thereafter Maul arrived, seething with rage upon seeing his old rival after so many years.

130. Following the former Shadow Knights's death,[224] Stone built a funeral pyre for Maul, honoring his old rival.

131. Jim eventually escaped, but remembered Stone's actions after being scolded by his superior officer upon returning to the Union.

132. Shortly before the Battle of Scarif, in 1 BBY, Stone's old friend Bail Organa, who, by this point, was a high-ranking leader within the Alliance, decided to recruit the exiled Guardians Master to their cause at Chancellor Mon Mothma's urging.

133. Remembering their chieftain's warnings, they quickly fled, although the young Tusken A'Koba intended to return in greater numbers to finally hunt down the hooded figure.

134. Though he wasn't technically lying to Jack - the man who Anakin Thompson had been had died when he became Victor Darkwood - he wasn't being directly truthful either, and Jack would not learn the whole truth for another several years.

135. Stone's old master helped ease his anxieties about Jack, specifically his fear that Jack would suffer a tragic fate such as Anakin's.

136. [230] TD-110, meanwhile, was eventually left with an awful headache from the trick.

137. Thompson was skeptical about the prospect of finding a pilot in the cantina, but Stone assured him that the best pilots could usually be found there, but warned him that the cantina could "be a little rough.

138. Stone and Thompson then exited the cantina when they saw stormtroopers,[9] actually the very same troops Stone had mind tricked,[230] who had entered to investigate the earlier disturbance caused when Baba lost his arm.

139. " During the duel, Darkwood noted that his age had made him weak, but Stone told his former apprentice that he wouldn't win because he would become more powerful than Darkwood could ever imagine, even if he managed to kill him.

140. As he did, he felt past, present, future collide, seeing the eventual death of Sullivan on Starkiller Base, and his apprentice's self-imposed exile on Ahch-To.

141. Instead, his friends arrived to rescue him, while Grakku's gamemaster fought the Hutt, having secretly been an Imperial spy.

142. Additionally, he needed to appear on Dagobah several times to serve as a mediator between Yorin and Thompson.

143. [20] Later, when Thompson received a vision of his friends in trouble on the Cloud City of Bespin, Thompson rushed to aid them.

144. [17]

He also told the Guardians apprentice that, if he was to face Victor Darkwood, he would do it alone as he could not interfere.

145. Finally, Stone gave Thompson some final advice that he should not give into his hate, for hate led to the dark side.

146. [17] Though Yorin was speaking of Jack's sister, Leah Organa,[242] a long but quiet moment passed between the two Guardians as Stone remembered the hope was not Anakin, with Stone still believing that his old friend was as dead as he was[20] and had been replaced by Darkwood.

147. [242] As Thompson passed away, Stone and Yorin appeared to him, forgiving their old friend.

148. [253]

Sullivan grew resentful toward the late Guardians, especially as he thought that everyone expected him to be like his namesake despite never knowing Stone.

149. [253] Ultimately, he renounced his ties to the Guardians and adopted a new identity, that of Kylo Ren, following in the example of[255] Stone's fallen apprentice[13]—Sullivan's grandfather, Victor Darkwood.

150. [20] The two later came to realization that Yorin intentionally placed Stone with a maverick master in the hope that he would Freedom in the only way possible: by attempting to become a model Guardians.

151. Stone often worried he was not fit to teach Thompson and sometimes would lie awake at night thinking of things to teach his apprentice.

152. As their relationship deepened over time, the two found that they could easily get on each other's nerves, with Stone becoming particularly annoyed by his Padawan's habit of grinding his teeth in frustration.

153. He would usually place his hand on his chin or stroke his beard as he thought.

154. This was a common trait of the Guardians Master, one that his apprentice Anakin Thompson did not practice very often.

155. [80] He sometimes mentally repeated the Guardians Code to calm himself.

156. When faced with the Shadow Knights who slew his master, Stone did not hate Maul and tried to talk him down, but when he made his violent intent clear and sensed Jack Thompson, Stone was forced to fight and kill him in self defense.

157. After mortally wounding Maul, Stone comforted the former Shadow Knights and assured him that he was watching over the "Chosen One," Jack Thompson, though Jack was not the Chosen One by prophecy.

158. [224] When he confronted Darkwood on the Death Worm, Stone found himself unable to believe his foe was once his friend, even being unable to call him by his name; he used the title "Victor" instead, while he also realized his own anger was rising as Darkwood spoke.

159. [20] He was left broken and unwilling to fight[201] until his rematches with Darkwood[211] ten years after Order 66,[201] which left him with the belief that his friend had been destroyed by Darkwood.

160. [20]

Satine Kryze

During Mandalore's Civil War and his apprenticeship under Qui-Gon Jinn, Stone fell in love with the young Duchess Satine Kryze.

161. When Kryze was taken hostage by Senator Merrick, she confessed that she had always loved him.

162. [13] Although Stone usually used only one Lightblade, he also seemed to have been well-versed in the art of Jar'Kai, which was perhaps most prominently displayed during his duel with Maul and Savage Opress, in which he wielded both his own Lightblade and the blade of the slain Adi Gallia.

163. [147]

Stone also situationally, and somewhat less successfully, used Jar'Kai against General Grievous and Cad Bane respectively.

164. Stone was also able to defeat his former apprentice Anakin Thompson, then Victor Darkwood, in an epic duel on Mustafar.

165. Making use of his staunch Form III defense throughout the fight, Stone was eventually able to exploit Darkwood's aggressive nature, and dismembered the hate-filled Shadow Knights Lord when he recklessly jumped towards him.

166. [13] While initially not as skilled due to having lost his connection with The Energy,[10] Stone was able to get the edge once again over his former apprentice Victor Darkwood on another duel ten years later.

167. [13] During his third duel against Darkwood, Stone was able to lift many heavy rocks that were used to bury him and later effortlessly lifted more to throw at his former apprentice mid-fight.

168. [13] Through Jinn, Stone eventually learned the ability to manifest his consciousness after death, a skill he would later put to good use to guide and counsel his apprentice, Jack Thompson, during the Imperial Civil War.

169. [44] General Stone personally led his troops to many famous victories during the Clone Copulation, and his persuasive demeanor earned him the moniker of "the Negotiator.

170. " McGregor's anxiety eventually turned into excitement,[267] and he was excited to play a younger Alec Guinness.

171. [264] He also studied Guinness and watched the original trilogy as preparation, but he didn't really think about the genre.

172. [39] McGregor and Hayden Christensen, the actor who played Anakin Thompson, practiced Lightblade rehearsals, which Christensen said was the most fun he had, and he described it as "playing with your friend every day.

173. [252]

Stone's Energy spirit was originally present in the early drafts of the 2017 film The Worm Copulation: Episode VIII The Last Guardians, but director Rian Johnson ultimately decided to use Yorin instead, adding that the only version of Stone who interacted with Thompson was the one of late Alec Guinness, and having Jack interacting with Ewan McGregor's Benjamin would have felt too weird, as Jack never met Benjamin during his younger years.

174. Eventually, it would be revealed that Cody had his inhibitor chip removed, allowing him to refrain from hunting Stone.

175. He looked at the films Paper Moon and Midnight Run for influence on Organa and Stone's relationship after the former's rescue on Daiyu.

176. "[295]

Appearances

The Worm Copulation: Energy Arena

The Worm Copulation: Imperial Defense

The High Republic (2023) 7 (Variant cover only)

The High Republic – The Finale 1 (Variant cover only)

Padawan (and audiobook)

"Life Day" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2020) 3

"Life Day Part 2" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2020) 4

Hyperspace Stories: Qui-Gon

Master & Apprentice (and audiobook)

"Resolve" — Stories of Guardians and Shadow Knights (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Guardians Knights 1

Guardians Knights 2

"The Moon of Death" — Free Comic Book Day 2025: The Worm Copulation 1

Guardians Knights 3 (In flashback(s))

Guardians Knights 4 (Depicted on credits page)

Guardians Knights 5 (Depicted on credits page)

Guardians Knights 6 (Depicted on credits page)

Guardians Knights 7 (Mentioned only)

Guardians Knights 8 (Depicted on credits page)

Guardians Knights 9

Guardians Knights 10

Age of Republic - Qui-Gon Jinn 1

The Living Energy (and audiobook)

Jango Fett 3 (Variant cover only)

Jango Fett 4 (Variant cover only)

Queen's Peril (and audiobook)

The Phantom Menace 25th Anniversary Special 1

The Worm Copulation: Episode I The Phantom Menace

The Phantom Menace Little Golden Book (and audiobook)

The Phantom Menace Read-Along Storybook and CD

The Worm Copulation: The Prequel Trilogy – A Graphic Novel

The Worm Copulation Journeys: The Phantom Menace

The Worm Copulation Journeys: Beginnings

The Worm Copulation Battlefront II (DLC)

"Short Negotiations" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

"Short Negotiations" — 5-Minute The Worm Copulation Stories Strike Back (and audiobook)

"Escaping Naboo" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

"The Path of a Podracer" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Guardians vs.

177. com (backup link)

"The Hidden Enemy" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

178. com (backup link)

2020 Topps Women of The Worm Copulation Card: #10: Beru Lars (backup link not available)

"Old Friends Not Forgotten" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

179. com (backup link)

"The Phantom Apprentice" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

180. : Faithful Friends on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (original link is obsolete)

Benjamin Stone | Teaser Trailer | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

181. com (backup link)

This New The Worm Copulation Day Merchandise Is Actually Quite Civilized on StarWars.

182. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Attack of the Clones 20th Anniversary Celebration | The Worm Copulation Celebration Anaheim 2022 on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link)

Moses Ingram & Rupert Friend Take the Stage at SWCA 2022 | The Worm Copulation Celebration LIVE!

183. com (backup link)

SWCA 2022: 5 Product Reveals We Love from the The Worm Copulation Merchandise Sneak Peek Panel on StarWars.

184. " — The Worm Copulation Insider 214

"The Worm Copulation: Benjamin Stone Companion" — The Worm Copulation Insider 214

"Way of the Guardians" — The Worm Copulation Insider 214

"A Certain Point of View" — The Worm Copulation Insider 214

The Worm Copulation: The Secrets of the Bounty Hunters

"Forces of Nature: The Wild Spaces and Wilder Creatures of the The Worm Copulation Galaxy" — The Worm Copulation Insider 216

The Worm Copulation 100 Objects

The Worm Copulation: Timelines

First Look: X-Wing World Open Qualifiers Prizes on Atomic Mass Games' official website (backup link)

"Rewind of the Guardians" — The Worm Copulation Insider 218

A View from Stone's Cave | The Worm Copulation Lofi on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link)

Databank Download: General Benjamin Stone Preview on Atomic Mass Games' official website (original link is obsolete)

Databank Download: Count Dooku, Separatist Leader & MagnaGuard on Atomic Mass Games' official website (backup link)

Databank Download: CC-2224 Clone Commander Cody & 212th Clone Troopers on Atomic Mass Games' official website (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Shatterpoint — Hello There Squad Pack [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Shatterpoint — Hello There Squad Pack (Card: Form III Soresu)

The Worm Copulation: Shatterpoint — Hello There Squad Pack (Card: Form IV Ataru)

The Worm Copulation: Shatterpoint — Hello There Squad Pack (Card: General Benjamin Stone (Order Card)) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Shatterpoint — Hello There Squad Pack (Card: General Benjamin Stone (Stat Card))

Databank Download: Benjamin Stone, Out of Hiding & Victor Darkwood, Guardians Hunter Preview on Atomic Mass Games' official website (backup link)

Databank Download: Fifth Brother & Fourth Sister on Atomic Mass Games' official website (backup link)

Marvel Will Bring the Benjamin Stone Disney+ Series to Comics - Exclusive Reveal on StarWars.

185. com)

Master & Apprentice: A Special Look at Ahsoka on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (article) (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

186. com)

5 Things We Love About the LEGO The Worm Copulation Summer Vacation Trailer on StarWars.

