Тема: abilities
Описание: Силы, навыки, боевые умения, владение Силой и другие способности
Персонаж: Benjamin_Stone
Оригинальное имя: Obi-Wan_Kenobi
Количество предложений: 253
============================================================

001. Benjamin Stone was a legendary Energy-sensitive human male Guardians Master who served on the Guardians High Council during the final years of the Republic Era.

002. Raised in the Guardians Grand Temple on the planet Coruscant, Stone was assigned to Guardians Master Qui-Gon Jinn.

003. Stone began the boy's Guardians training in 1 BBY, and soon after encountered Darkwood aboard the first Death Worm, where he sacrificed himself to ensure that Jack and his allies escaped from the Shadow Knights Lord.

004. In 4 ABY, Stone reunited with his former student, Anakin Thompson, who died destroying his Shadow Knights Master in order to save his son.

005. Stone was remembered as a legendary Guardians Master during the rise of the New Republic; Ben Sullivan, the son of Jack's twin sister, Princess Leah Organa, was named after Stone.

006. [18] Stone received basic Initiate training alongside his peers in the Guardians Order's Temple[11] and began training in several simple Energy techniques by the age of three[18] in 54 BBY.

007. [18] He also received instruction in the art of Lightblade combat from Guardians Master Cin Drallig[21] in the basic Lightblade forms and techniques.

008. [11] Unlike how he acted as he got older,[22] Stone, during his days as a youngling, gained a reputation for breaking rules and having a rebellious nature,[18] resulting in very few Masters who were willing to train the boy as their Padawan.

009. [18]

Qui-Gon Jinn's Padawan

Initial endeavors

Around 44 BBY,[23] Guardians Master Qui-Gon Jinn chose Stone as his Padawan learner when he was thirteen years old.

010. [25] As the pair struggled to establish a workable affinity, the Master continued to train his Padawan in the basic cadences of Lightblade combat, preventing him from picking a specialty.

011. [18] Jinn was proud of his apprentice's skills, and sparred with him in training sessions[11] while at the Temple between missions.

012. Stone, in turn, spent a significant amount of time in the training dojos to hone the techniques taught to him.

013. Despite their differences, Stone strived to be a good student, and supported his Master's hobbies regarding ancient Guardians prophecy research.

014. To Stone's chagrin, the majority of his free time in the Temple was consumed by gathering information from the Guardians Archives and the holocron of prophecy under the watchful eye of the Guardians Master librarian Jocasta Nu.

015. As an escape from the workload, Stone played rounds of[18] the game[4] dejarik in the lower levels of Coruscant in the evenings after finishing his Master's research requests.

016. [18]

Early travels and visit to Kashyyyk

The pair's continuing training issues were discussed with Guardians Councilors Depa Billaba and Mace Windu in an attempt to find a remedy, without success.

017. At some point during his time as a Padawan, Stone and Jinn visited a fortress on[18] the planet[4] Lah'mu, the world Alderaan's royal palace, and[18] the planets[4] Ryloth and Gatalenta.

018. [18] While training, he became acquainted with the Guardians trainee Siri Tachi and developed some feelings for her, but refrained from acting on them.

019. [20] Not long after Stone became Jinn's Padawan, he was eager to prove himself on a mission, but when he and Jinn were set to leave on one, his Master was nowhere to be found.

020. Feeling angry by his master's abandonment, Stone decided to set off on the mission to the planet Lenahra alone.

021. [30]

During his training, Stone traveled to[28] the planet[4] Kashyyyk with his Master during the Life Day holiday.

022. Once both Guardians brandished their lightsabers, several other Wookiees rushed to the scene and assisted in setting their friends free.

023. However, the Master informed him that it was intended as a learning experience, and to gain insight from Wookiee perspectives on life.

024. As their situation rapidly turned violent, Stone and Jinn stormed a building, using their Lightblade skills to Energy their way through the compound.

025. Though both Guardians attempted to remain lighthearted about the outcome of the mission, Stone felt that he had failed his Master.

026. Jinn resolved to make a decision regarding the invitation after meditation, knowing accepting the invite would result in Stone's reassignment to another Master.

027. [18]

Stone and Jinn were dispatched to the planet, and the Master took the opportunity to inform his Padawan about Averross's training under Dooku.

028. Upon investigation, he and his Master concluded that the sabotage must have been conducted by someone within the palace, and not the Opposition.

029. Stone felt that the mission had been one of the first that he and his Master were able to work well together.

030. Surrounded by forces of the Metal Clan, Jinn chose to escape with Th'er in an Eta-class shuttle and return to Coruscant.

031. The two received a message from the surface of the planet from Guardians Master Yorin, who was asking for assistance.

032. Landing on the planet, Jinn and Stone discovered that Yorin had taken out the entire pirate gang in order to rescue a young Energy-sensitive child, known as Lo, as the pirate had planned to sell him due to his abilities in The Energy.

033. [14]

The two Guardians sensed the loss of their vessel and rose from their seats, drawing their lightsabers before noticing poisonous dioxis gas being pumped into the room around them and holding their breaths.

034. However, droidekas summoned by Gunray arrived, and the two Guardians were forced to flee into a nearby ventilation shaft, using Energy speed to escape.

035. However, Jinn persevered, telling them that he would take the boy as his Padawan, despite the Guardians Code's restrictions, but Stone insisted he was ready to take the trials, and his master agreed.

036. Boss Nass agreed to fight the droids as a diversion, while the Queen's forces slipped into Theed and captured Gunray.

037. However, they soon encountered Maul once again and engaged in a duel with him, biding time for Amidala and her forces to reach the throne room.

038. During the duel with Maul, Stone was separated from his master and forced to watch as Maul impaled Jinn with his double-bladed Lightblade so, when the opportunity arose, Stone, filled with rage, retaliated against the Shadow Knights.

039. Stone then ran to his master's side and promised a dying Jinn that he would train Thompson.

040. [14]

Master of the Chosen One

The first years

Following the end of the Battle of Naboo, Stone was promoted to the rank of Guardians Knight by the Council, with Yorin reluctantly accepting his decision to train Thompson.

041. [11] Stone had several misgivings toward taking on Thompson as his Padawan, but stuck to his firm commitment of honoring his late master's dying wish.

042. But Stone was still mourning Jinn, and he began to have the perspective that Thompson got a very raw deal being forced to be with a master who was hardly fit to be a teacher and had just barely got beyond the Guardians trials himself.

043. Stone decided to take Thompson with him as part of his training.

044. [40]

At some point, Stone and Thompson, during a mission in which they were they were joined by Guardians Master Shaak Ti, were involved in complicated business on the terrestrial astronomical object of Naran-Shiv.

045. [46] Upon Thompson's return to the Guardians Temple, he confided in Stone that he wished to leave the Order, feeling uncomfortable at the prospect of his entire life being decided when he was only nine years old, and surrendered his Lightblade to his master.

046. Yorin reminded Stone that Guardians training was exclusive to the Guardians Order, to which Stone responded that if Thompson left, so would he.

047. As one of the combatant airships began to fall, Thompson and Stone saved its two-person crew by delaying the crash.

048. Stone and Thompson then drew their lightsabers and tried to use The Energy to connect with them to no avail.

049. He also told Grecker that Thompson was not his son, but his Padawan at the dying request of his master.

050. Stone and Sera then went to the roof to watch as Grecker's forces attacked his fortress.

051. Unconvinced, Stone visited Master Yorin, who was teaching the Bear Clan, and the two agreed that someone had erased the files on Kamino from the Archives, and that Stone needed to visit the location of the lost planet.

052. [56]

Moments prior to their execution, clone army forces arrived in transports led by Master Yorin.

053. Stone felt that there was not enough time to pursue reinforcements, assuring Amidala that he and his Padawan could handle the situation alone.

054. [39] Now knowing that he had underestimated Dooku's skills,[56] dueled Dooku, but was eventually disarmed by the former Guardians during the duel and injured on the shoulder and thigh.

055. [39]

However, after the Padawan's arm was cut off by Dooku's Lightblade, he too was tossed to the floor beside his Master.

056. However, he was forced to focus on saving Thompson and Stone from being crushed to their deaths by falling debris moved loose by Dooku.

057. [39]

While Thompson was on Naboo to escort Amidala home,[39] he wondered how his Master was doing in the aftermath of the battle.

058. Thompson married Amidala, despite knowing his Master would disapprove.

059. While deployed, he held command of the 7th Sky Corps and often led its 212th Attack Battalion into combat personally until the war's end.

060. [56]

For his diplomatic skills, he came to be known as "the Negotiator"—[4] a title mirrored by the name of his flagship, the Venator-class Worm Destroyer Negotiator.

061. "[59] Their skills were equal, and they quickly became mortal enemies.

062. Stone was dismayed by how much Thompson seemed to enjoy combat, and asked how his apprentice found enjoyment in their combat.

063. [57]

Feeling that the Guardians needed more generals, he resolved to suggest to the Guardians Council that Thompson take the Guardians trials after watching him in combat.

064. Thompson then asked if he still had to call Stone "Master," and Stone jokingly replied that it would only be the case if he knew his place.

065. When Grievous declined, the qubey attacked him and his droids while the Guardians also engaged the Separatist in Lightblade combat.

066. [68]

Hisseen siege

Stone traveled to the planet Hisseen and participated in a siege of the planet alongside Thompson, Guardians Master Plo Koon, and their battalions.

067. As the clone troopers prepare to fight, Stone, Thompson, and Koon return, slicing the Separatist reinforcements into pieces.

068. He ordered Thompson to retreat from his current position and meet him aboard his cruiser, where he presented the stealth ship and its capabilities to his companion.

069. [58]

Emboldened by his own skills, Thompson tested the capabilities of the ship further and found that Trench's initial missiles were unable to detect it.

070. Closing communications with his former Master, Thompson proceeded to attack the flagship of the Separatist Admiral Trench with his stealth ship and broke the blockade with the attack.

071. [64] Stone and Thompson then planned and prepared to lead a surprise assault on Separatist forces in the world's crystalline capital city Chaleydonia with their men.

072. Stone ordered both to root out the spy within the Republic's forces, insisting on the secrecy of the operations at hand while he left base with Thompson to further investigate.

073. [64] The Guardians Master informed Rex and Cody that they should prepare for a large number of incoming battle droids, with minimal heavy cannons to defend their position with.

074. [72] As Republic forces prepared to engage the droids, the blockade above Christophsis began reforming.

075. The Guardians Master then sent a ship back to the Republic fleet above Christophsis for a supplies restock, regretting the decision shortly after.

076. While deflecting blast fire alongside Cody, Stone surmised that reinforcements would be needed soon.

077. When Yorin learned of the impending Separatist threat preventing their departure from Christophsis he promised to send reinforcements, but cut off mid-transmission.

078. Stone used a holographic display to brief others about the location of the shield generator, after which Thompson and Tano brainstormed a plan to take it out while the Guardians Master and Rex stayed behind as a diversion.

079. The Guardians Master proceeded to offer himself up in defeat to Loathsom, claiming that there were terms of surrender to discuss.

080. His refusal to stand down his forces angered and distracted Loathsom who had Stone seized and threatened to destroy him.

081. On the destruction of the shield, Stone freed himself and was able to quickly restrain the Separatist general as Republic reinforcements arrived on the planet.

082. Upon landing in a gunship before Stone, Yorin greeted the Guardians Master to begin telling him of Rotta's capture.

083. [8]

Teth and Tatooine

After greeting Yorin on Christophsis, Stone gave parting advice to Thompson about training Tano before heading to Tatooine to negotiate with Jabba.

084. The Guardians Master promised that Republic forces would successfully rescue his son, and listened to the Hutt's additional terms about capturing the kidnapper of his son, dead or alive.

085. [26] The Guardians Master ordered his troops to depart for Teth next in an effort to reinforce his former Padawan's forces.

086. Thompson and Tano escaped the planet with Rotta during their fight, and he eventually forced Ventress to flee after disabling one side of her lightsabers.

087. Dao informed the Councillors that his fleet was unable to continue aiding Republic forces on the world's surface due to the Separatist blockade around the planet, and his plea for help cut off mid-sentence when his flagship was destroyed.

088. In the meeting, Thompson was ordered to reinforce Stone's fleet to protect supply convoys and not send a rescue for the attack's possible survivors from the Abregado system.

089. [77]

Stone's forces were joined by Admiral Yularen, who was commanding Thompson's fleet.

090. Though Tano claimed that the idea was hers, the Guardians Master doubted her claim, ordering them back to defensive escort duty upon learning no survivors had been found.

091. As the first survivors of the superweapon, they were able to report to the Guardians Council what the Malevolence's capabilities were, including its ion cannons.

092. [79]

Malevolence encounter

During the pursuit, Stone discussed contacting additional reinforcements with Koon, but resolved to continue with the ships he had due to a lack of available forces in the area.

093. Using her as a hostage, Grievous forced the Republic's fleet to stall their attack, further encouraged by Thompson's insistence on mounting a rescue.

094. Stone's transmission was intercepted by Grievous, who challenged the Guardians's skills in front of the droids on his bridge.

095. [81]

Skytop Station campaign

Following his escape, Grievous began ambushing Republic fleets in the Skytop Station campaign and defeated forces on[82] the planet[83] Falleen.

096. Tano agreed with the Master, though Thompson insisted on staying to protect the sector.

097. After reporting the information to Stone using scramble code 1477, he instructed them to wait for reinforcements.

098. The younger Guardians felt annoyed that he had been the one to be captured, which led Stone to tease that when he became a Guardians Master, he could make the plans.

099. After Dooku successfully took off in his escape vessel,[88] Stone and Thompson pursued him in a stolen Sheathipede-class transport shuttle and called on Tano to rally Republic reinforcements.

100. When Dooku escaped the compound and knocked out the area's electrical supply, Stone and Thompson were freed, holding Ohnaka as a hostage using their lightsabers.

101. [90] The Guardians Master felt that the peace achieved through the balancing of both sides had been a unique challenge.

102. Stone also offered Binks blaster training to hone his skills, which the Gungan enthusiastically accepted.

103. [91] After the event, the Guardians Master became more keenly aware of Thompson's emotional instability when around Amidala and resolved to watch the pair more closely as the war continued.

104. When Thompson and Tano's second attempt is successful, Stone arrived with the rest of the invasion forces in the planet's vicinity.

105. In space, the rest of Windu's fleet came under attack by Separatist forces.

106. [93]

As the Republic's forces departed for the capital city Lessu Waxer and Boil inquired Stone about the meaning of "nerra," which the Guardians General translated as "brother.

107. "[93] After Windu and and his forces reached Lessu, Stone led his contingent to capture the southern hemisphere of Ryloth and was able to successfully capture the Jixuan desert.

108. The Guardians Master contacted Tano to do so as well, but the Padawan refused to retreat—claiming her foes were retreating.

109. [97]

Stone and Windu then traveled with a restrained Bane to Black Stall Station and retrieved the missing holocron, but were forced to let him escape through an escape pod after being caught in the station's traps.

110. [89]

The Guardians Master proposed a deal to the pirates to trade a large sum of credits for a ride to the nearest Republic outpost.

111. Thompson struggled to train the civilians with him as his former Master watched, but eventually helped the villagers learn some skills.

112. Though Stone was able to reach the landing zone, which was known as Point Rain, the Guardians General was injured and forced to wait for Thompson and Mundi's arrival who, despite their crashing, managed to fight their way up and join Stone.

113. [107]

Saleucami

Soon after Guardians Master and Council member Eeth Koth was captured by Grievous, Stone, Thompson, and Adi Gallia volunteered to engage the Confederacy at Saleucami, rescue Koth, and capture General Grievous.

114. [59]

General Stone was the first of the Guardians to arrive at Saleucami and engaged Grievous's forces with a fleet under the command of Admiral Yularen.

115. Once Thompson and Gallia rescued Koth, Grievous dueled Stone until understanding that the Guardians Master had the upper hand.

116. Meanwhile, Grievous was forced to flee in an escape pod and landed on the planet.

117. As the Duchess spoke to the dying man, she realized he came from Concordia and helped Stone reach the moon, where the Guardians Master met its Governor, Pre Vizsla.

118. The next day, Stone told the Duchess that he believed the Separatists were involved, which only angered her; the Guardians Master, then, was joined by Thompson so as to bodyguard her during her and other senators' trip to Coruscant onboard the Coronet.

119. He took a submarine and discovered Ventress's forces readying their assault crafts under water.

120. Rejoining the fight, which had now been taken to Tipoca City, Stone worked alongside Thompson again and determined that the sparse Separatist forces must be a distraction and directed his former Padawan to go defend the clone DNA room while he sought out Grievous.

121. Thompson managed to dispatch the tri-fighter that the assassin had sent for him and came to the aid of his former master.

122. He then crippled Ventress's vessel, but not before she managed to shoot down the Guardians Master.

123. The two opposing commanders crash-landed in the hangar of the Separatist command ship, Stone and Thompson quickly engaged Ventress in Lightblade combat.

124. Count Dooku, upon orders from his own master, interrupted the duel by ordering the destruction of the Separatist command ship to ensure Ventress's death.

125. The two Guardians fled in their interceptors, presuming Ventress to be doomed, but she escaped and Dooku ordered the remaining Separatist forces to retreat, thinking she was dead.

126. In a cave, when Tano was asleep, his late master, Qui-Gon Jinn, appeared before him, explaining the purpose of the planet they were on and that the three figures they encountered, like Jinn, believed Thompson was the Chosen One.

127. [119]

The Citadel

Following the capture of Guardians Master Even Piell and his imprisonment in the Citadel[120] one year and nine months into the Clone Copulation,[121] Stone, Thompson, Commander Cody, Captain Rex, and other troopers were sent to rescue the imprisoned Guardians.

128. Forced to escape, Stone and Thompson contacted the Guardians Council to send a rescue Energy to extract them, and continued their escape through the tunnels surrounding the tower.

129. [123]

Mon Cala and Umbara

When the Guardians Council were looking for a underwater race that close enough to reinforce the Republic's forces fighting on the planet of Mon Cala, Stone was the one who suggested that Naboo may be close enough to help.

130. He also informed Krell of oncoming, but delayed reinforcements, only for the Besalisk to tell him he would take his battalion to the city regardless of the capital's defenses.

131. [127] Despite Krell's efforts to sabotage the Republic effort by tricking the 501st and the 212th battalions into attacking each other, Stone was successful in taking the capital and routing the remaining Umbaran forces, securing all sectors of the planet for the Republic.

132. [128]

Zygerrian slave crisis

Ten rotations after Master Yorin's last contact with the Togruta colony of Kiros, Stone, Thompson, Tano, Captain Rex, and Commander Cody landed on the colony, where they found no inhabitants and fought their way through droid contingents on BARC speeders to the governor's tower.

133. Though he received a good beating from D'Nar, Stone successfully beguiled the Zygerrian, who set off his last bomb located on his tactical droid and escaped from the Guardians Master.

134. Despite Dooku's wish to execute Stone, Thompson arrived to Kadavo with Guardians reinforcements.

135. In the fourth and final test, their shooting skills would be tested, with the bounty hunter's target being a moving spot on the wall.

136. Though the Guardians Master was unsure if Maul was who he claimed to be, the Dathomirian proved it by telling him about their shared experience at the Battle of Naboo.

137. [137]

Aiding the Onderon rebels

Stone attended a session of the Guardians Council when rebels Saw Gerrera and Lux Bonteri contacted them with a request for assistance in their struggle against the Separatist forces on Onderon, led by King Sanjay Rash.

138. [139]

On Onderon, Stone met the rebels and their charismatic leader Steela Gerrera – alongside his friends and together, they began to train the rebels in combat.

139. Stone tried to convince Dooku not to use Ravna's powers.

140. With great skill and Gallia's Lightblade, Stone violently fought the pair, changing to Ataru and demonstrating mastery of his former fighting style.

141. However, he simply chose to tell the Masters that the Death Watch was most likely responsible for any hostile takeover that took place.

142. The Master, who despised the way the Twilight flew, was happy to leave it behind once on the planet.

143. [16]

In the palace, Maul, realizing Stone's feelings for Satine, decided to execute her with Stone watching, hoping that he would feel the same pain Maul did when he was forced to live in exile after being brutally injured by Stone on Naboo.

144. Maul again attempted to sway Stone to the dark side, but the Guardians Master refused, saying those who oppose it were more powerful than those use the dark side could ever be.

145. He hoped that by matching the Shadow Knights's fury with understanding and sympathy he could reach Maul and both save Satine's life and turn the Dathomirian away from the dark path he had been forced on.

146. [35]

Angered by Stone's statements, the commandos forced Stone to his knees.

147. Katan freed Stone and gave him his Lightblade back, informing the Master that she was there to rescue him.

148. [16]

Returning to Coruscant, Stone reunited with Thompson, who asked his former master what had happened.

149. With Thompson and Plo Koon doubtful of her guilt, Grand Master Yorin sent the two to find her, but Windu attempted to have Thompson left out of the matter, believing having him involved would only making things worse due to his emotional bond with Tano.

150. [152]

Kaminoan conspiracy

After clone trooper Tup murdered Guardians General Tiplar during a battle on Ringo Vinda and had been sent to Kamino for examination,[154] Guardians Master Shaak Ti held a meeting with the Guardians Council, of which Stone took part of.

151. [159]

Sifo-Dyas' secret

After Guardians Master Plo Koon intercepted a distress call from a shuttle once thought to have been lost and discovered Sifo-Dyas's Lightblade, he took of the meeting in which Plo Koon informed the Guardians Council of his findings, and Stone reminded them that Sifo-Dyas had spearheaded the creation of the Clone Army.

152. Relaunching the investigation of the Guardians Master's death, Stone and Thompson were sent to Felucia to find out what happened to Sifo-Dyas, where they spoke to the tribal leaders.

153. Stone was told that the Felucians had cremated his body and that another Guardians had been with him when he was killed, and reported their findings to Master Yorin.

154. After engaging Dooku in combat, they learned that the man called Tyranus was, in fact, the Count.

155. [160]

Yorin's journey

During a meeting with the High Council, Stone, like the rest of his peers, noticed Grand Master Yorin's absent-mindedness following his communion with Stone's late master, Qui-Gon Jinn.

156. Later, Windu conferred in private with Stone that he was worried about Yorin's turmoil and asked him to keep an eye on the old Guardians Master.

157. Though Master Mundi surmised it could be a deception by the Shadow Knights, but Stone dismissed the idea, believing Yorin could not be susceptible to such manipulation, but Windu replied that, even as wise and old as he was, Yorin was not beyond the corruption of the dark side.

158. When asked about the procedure by Windu, Stone told him Yorin was sure he had contacted the dead and, like most, he was in disbelief about the whole ordeal, only for Windu to place guards to keep an eye on Yorin and the small Guardians Master to escape with Thompson's help and Artoo's company, willing to go on a journey that would take him to Dagobah, a mysterious planet and Moraband.

159. [162][163][161]

On Yorin's return to Coruscant, Stone and Windu greeted him, and Windu asked him if he had gained some insight on how to win the war, but the old Guardians Master told them that he no longer believed that the Guardians could win the Clone Copulation but that, through hope and perseverance, the Guardians would ultimately triumph over the Shadow Knights.

160. [161]

Crystal crisis on Utapau

During the last months of the war, Stone and Thompson were sent to Utapau to investigate the mysterious death of Guardians Master Tu-Anh.

161. Vos' absence in their third and fourth would-be encounters forced Stone to report to the Council.

162. [8]

On Maul's tail

Following the Battle of Ord Mantell, Stone was sent to Ord Mantell to investigate who the Separatist forces had been fighting, alongside Guardians Masters Tiplee, Mace Windu and Aayla Secura.

163. [167]

Aware of the Black Sun's presence on the system, and the location of Vizsla Keep 09, a Mandalorian supply outpost suspected to be Maul's hideout, Stone and Tiplee led an assault to lock the place down until reinforcements arrived.

164. Stone and Thompson followed suit and spied on Vos, who reunited with Dooku; they observed as the two dueled, when Vos gained the upper hand just as he let Dooku live as long as he told him about his Master's whereabouts.

165. The two soon escaped from the Vigilance, causing the death of Akar-Deshu and the Chagrian Kav Bayons, and boarded the Banshee, but Thompson's quick thinking forced the renegades to crash land on the planet.

166. [8]

Attack on the Guardians temple

Stone was present when Guardians Master Depa Billaba came out of a coma, having been in the state for six months.

167. After using his Energy abilities to destroy it, Thompson ordered his 501st Legion led by Captain Rex to attack rest of the droid army.

168. This angered Tano, who accused her former masters of choosing to abandon Mandalore.

169. Soon enough, Stone and the Council were made aware that the Chancellor had Thompson appointed as his Personal Representative on the Guardians Council; though the Council approved of the appointment, they denied Thompson the rank of Guardians Master, a decision which greatly angered Thompson, prompting him to question the Council's decision-making.

170. During the same meeting, Stone and Master Mundi discussed the importance of Kashyyyk, prompting Master Yorin to assist the Wookiees himself.

171. He tried to convince Anakin that something out of place had to be happening for Paladin to remain in office long after his two legitimate terms had expired and to have accumulated an unnatural amount of executive powers, but still, Anakin would have none of it.

172. Kryze told him that the clones had been extremely effective against Maul's forces.

173. Tano asked for reinforcements, but Stone was forced to tell them that he was being sent to capture Grievous on Utapau and that he was unable to send support.

174. Before Stone's departure to engage Grievous, Thompson apologized to Stone, who told him that he needed patience and that he would soon become a master.

175. Grievous ordered his MagnaGuards to dispatch Stone, who managed to crush them under a piece of the ceiling without engaging in combat.

176. [185] Stone would not allow him to do the same with his Lightblade; he learned patience, confidence in The Energy, and Lightblade training from Grand Master Yorin and his late Master, Qui-Gon Jinn.

177. Grievous moved closer and closer, whirling two of his lightsabers above his head and the other two dragging along, burning the floor behind him, surprising Stone with his maneuver.

178. Grievous then straightened up and struck Benjamin with both lightsabers, but the Guardians parried.

179. Not long into the duel, the 212th Attack Battalion arrived and engaged Grievous's forces.

180. Benjamin smiles as the General was forced to slow down to avoid a swarm of droids, his mount capable of achieving things that the General's speeder-wheel cannot.

181. [188]

With no weapons, they engaged in a swift fight using hand-to-hand combat[13] that Grievous was coldly confident of winning.

182. Before Stone went too far, Cody ordered his men to shoot at the Guardians Master, bringing his fall to the water below.

183. [188] Stone avoided the clone troopers, battle droids, and even the Utapau locals by using all of his abilities.

184. Reuniting on the Tantive III, Stone met with the Senator and Master Yorin, who told him of the retreat message telling all Guardians to return to the Temple, saying that the war was over.

185. As Stone checked her vital signs, Darkwood accused him of turning her against him, but the Guardians Master stated Anakin betrayed her for himself and that his anger & lust for power had already done that, and that he had allowed Sidious to twist his mind becoming a Shadow Knights.

186. Ultimately, Stone and Darkwood were hovering over the lava sea, when the Guardians Master reflected on his failure while Darkwood stated that he should have known about the Guardians's lust for power and domination.

187. Stone tried again in vain to convince Darkwood to return to the light again and that Sidious was, in fact, an evil mastermind, but Darkwood continued to denounced the Guardians as the true evil.

188. Darkwood responded by screaming his hatred towards his former master, his voice shaking with rage and despair.

189. As the trio prepared to go their separate ways, Yorin asked Stone to remain for a brief moment, revealing that he had training for him during his solitude on Tatooine and that Qui-Gon Jinn had reached the path to immortality, having returned from the Netherworld of The Energy.

190. [199] Like Stone,[197] Owen believed his stepbrother had been killed and blamed the Guardians Master for his fate.

191. However, Darkwood rejected the vision and remained on the path of the dark side,[207] becoming obsessed with finding his former master and inflicting the pain he had received onto Stone.

192. While riding his eopie through the desert the following night, Stone was confronted by the fugitive Guardians, a human male named Nari, who had managed to escape the Inquisitors earlier and pleaded for the Guardians Master's help.

193. [201]

Obsessed with finding Stone, the Third Sister plotted to lure out the fugitive Guardians Master and arranged for the kidnapping of Leah Organa on Alderaan.

194. After Stone knocked down a bounty hunter in pursuit, the two saw a hologram of the Guardians Master, leading Leah to believe that Stone lied to her and correctly deducing that the kidnappers used her as bait.

195. As Stone returned fire, Leah attempted to make the jump to another building, but fell short; as the Guardians used his Energy powers to stop her from falling to her death, Leah finally believed he was a real Guardians.

196. Overpowered, Stone was forced back by Darkwood, who knocked over a container filled with flammable rocks.

197. Rendezvousing with Durith, he donned a gray Imperial trench coat to blend in with the Imperial forces while they made their way back to the shuttle in the hangar.

198. Vastly outmatched, the trio almost surrendered but Sully and Wade arrived in two T-47 airspeeders, dispatching most of the Imperial ground forces in the hangar.

199. Though Thompson had been the stronger duelist and had skills to match his master's, Stone was still able to to defeat Thompson because of his padawan's obsessive need to win.

200. However, his thoughts on the matter were interrupted by an attack by Reva, now promoted to Grand Inquisitor, on the Path's base, locking their escape doors with Lola, which had been modified with a restraining bolt to make her obey the Inquisitor's commands.

201. [51]

After a brief but fierce exchange of fire between the Imperial troops and the members of the Path in which Stone fought beside the defenders, Stone was forced to watch as Durith sacrificed herself against the oncoming troops after explaining her reasons for turning against the Union to help the Path after bering mortally wounded.

202. When asked if the Dark Lord would see it coming, the Guardians Master reassured her that he would be too fixated in settling the score with his former teacher to see her deception.

203. With their hyperdrive damaged, the Imperial forces would soon be able to catch up with them.

204. Beyond this, Stone could sense something wrong, but was forced to put it aside for the time, unaware that Reva, after being defeated by Darkwood and mortally wounded, found his communicator with Bail Organa, and had learned of Jack's location on Tatooine.

205. Darkwood vowed that Stone would die and the two engaged in a Lightblade duel, with Darkwood utilizing a combination of one-handed and two-handed combat.

206. [199]

Continued exile on Tatooine

The Journals of Ben Stone

In preparation for Jack's future training, Stone wrote a set of journals and placed them in a box labeled "For Jack.

207. That night, Stone meditated outside of the sandcrawler, communing with Qui-Gon and expressing his hope in Jack's abilities.

208. Stone recognized the man as Garro from a tale Guardians Master Yorin had told him.

209. As Maul tightened his grip on his own saber and ignited his second blade, Stone shifted his stance to the one used by his old master Qui-Gon during the duel on Naboo in the Theed power generator.

210. [228]

As they waited for the Falcon to arrive at Alderaan, Stone arranged an exercise for Thompson so that he would learned how to sense through The Energy and deflect blaster fire from a training remote, when the Guardians Master sensed a disturbance in The Energy caused by the Disaster.

211. Darkwood claimed to be the true master of The Energy, but Stone,[9] refusing to use Anakin's name and instead simply calling Darkwood "Victor,"[199] instead claimed that he was only a "master of evil.

212. [233] Unable to attend to the body of his master, Thompson was forced to escape on the Falcon with everyone else.

213. [199] Using his new-found abilities, he was able to guide Thompson during the Battle of Yavin so that he could successfully destroy the Death Worm with proton torpedoes.

214. When he was sent to the planet Rodia on an Alliance mission, Jack often contemplated what Stone would think of his surroundings, and told the Rodian Taneetch Soonta that he considered the Guardians Master the personification of honor.

215. With his extremely limited training, Jack struggled to move objects with The Energy, and felt dismay when recalling how easily Stone had mind tricked individuals on Tatooine.

216. [235] After he recovered Stone's journal, which the Guardians Master had left behind to help Thompson,[236] Thompson tried to gain passage to the Guardians Temple on Coruscant by going to the "Smuggler's Moon" of Nar Shaddaa,[237] only to be captured by Grakkus the Hutt, who forced the young Guardians into an arena battle against the roggwart Kongo.

217. [241]

Three years later, Stone would reappear to Jack on the ice planet of Hoth, where he instructed Thompson to go to the Dagobah system to seek out Stone's former master, Yorin, for further Guardians training.

218. [17]

Dagobah

Over the weeks of Thompson's training on Dagobah, Stone had needed to appear in six of Yorin's dreams to again and again convince him to continue the training, telling the old master that training the young Thompson would be different from how Anakin's path had gone.

219. Throughout Jack's training, Stone often found himself thinking of his experiences with Anakin.

220. Appearing as a ghost on Dagobah to try to dissuade him,[17] Stone, who thought to himself that Anakin would never have been able to stay on the swamp world as long as Jack had,[20] warned him that he was at a crossroads and that his abilities were what the Emperor wanted; Stone did not want to lose Thompson to the Emperor the way he had lost Darkwood.

221. He also warned Jack about the powers of the Emperor.

222. [62] Stone was fondly remembered by Jack, and the memories of their limited training together were something he treasured.

223. [253] In the aftermath of the Imperial Civil War,[254] Hank Sullivan and Leah Organa named their only son, Ben Sullivan, after the famous Guardians Master.

224. When The Energy-sensitive human Karr Nuq Sin embarked on a journey across the galaxy to learn more about The Energy and the Guardians, he used his powers of psychometry to experience visions of Stone visiting Pau City in search of General Grievous as well as moments of him and Jack Thompson onboard the Millennium Falcon.

225. He felt as if he never truly understood his master and yet nevertheless wished to please him and earn his respect.

226. He also had trouble understanding his master's hobbies and interests, such as study of arcane Guardians prophecies.

227. [199]

During his exile on Tatooine, Stone was forced to engage in self-reflection that he described as agonizing.

228. Over the years, he was forced to dismantle systemic rituals and ingrained doctrines he had experienced during his time with the Guardians.

229. Only when forced into action did their camaraderie return.

230. Stone was forced to watch Maul choke Kryze and ultimately kill her with the Darksaber.

231. [224]

Powers and abilities

Lightblade abilities

Stone was a very capable Lightblade duelist, one of the greatest swordsmen of his time.

232. Throughout his training years, he had learnt several forms of Lightblade combat, especially Form III.

233. [8][14] In contrast to the aggressive dueling styles of his master, Qui-Gon Jinn, and his apprentice Anakin Thompson, Stone's combat style was mainly defensive, though he would use aggressive attacks when pressed.

234. However, his final victory may have been helped by Grievous' fresh injuries, which would have hampered the cyborg's fighting abilities.

235. His mastery of dual-blade combat allowed him to hold his own against both the Shadow Knights brothers, and he even managed to break Opress's left knee and sever his left arm.

236. The duel ultimately ended as a stalemate when an angered Maul used his Energy powers to briefly incapacitate Stone, giving the brothers time to escape.

237. [212]

Decades later, he defeated his old nemesis Maul within seconds despite the former Shadow Knights Lord having demonstrated the ability to hold an advantage against three Inquisitors simultaneously,[224] and duel his former master Victor Sidious for a short time.

238. However, Darkwood's cautious but relentless assault ultimately overwhelmed Stone's defenses, and he was forced to begin retreating.

239. [9]

Energy powers

Though Stone focused largely on Lightblade combat, he was also very skilled and powerful in use of The Energy.

240. [8] Stone was adept at Energy healing, improving his physical capabilities, leaping around with The Energy, knowing the future, and could, with great effort, make himself and his use of The Energy go unnoticed by all.

241. [212]

Prior to his exile on Tatooine, Yorin instructed him on how to communicate his late master, Qui-Gon Jinn, who was unable to visibly manifest as a spirit due to his incomplete training under The Energy Priestesses.

242. [18]

Stone was also a skilled hand-to-hand combatant, having developed enough level of skill in unarmed combat so as to compete with Pre Vizsla, leader of the Death Watch, in unarmed techniques, though he outclassed the Mandalorian in Lightblade technique.

243. [32] During his duel with Jango Fett on Kamino, Stone was briefly deprived of his Lightblade, and fought the bounty hunter in unarmed combat.

244. [9] Though he admitted his skills were "rusty," Stone could read hand signals accurately enough to understand Eeth Koth's message to his location at the Saleucami system.

245. [268] After director George Lucas showed McGregor around the studio, they went to the props-making department, and the prop master showed him a chest of Lightblade props.

246. [269] McGregor had Lightblade training with stunt coordinator Nick Gillard.

247. Cody was planned as a way to show how disconnected Stone was from The Energy due to forcing his will upon young Thompson in a manner similar to when Superman lost his powers in the 1980 film Superman II.

248. Beattie wanted Stone to surrender to the will of The Energy, allowing his powers to come back in a climactic moment similar to when Superman's powers returned in the film.

249. At the end of the story, Darkwood would believe Stone was dead, which would explain why Darkwood stopped hunting Stone and justify why he was shocked to learn that his master was alive in A New Hope.

250. [287] McGregor and Christensen trained with lightsabers for the flashback of Stone and Thompson training[264] in the fifth episode.

251. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: The Mini Book of Lightsabers

10 of Benjamin Stone's Greatest Moments (So Far) on StarWars.

252. com)

"Database" — The Worm Copulation - Das offizielle Magazin 107

The Worm Copulation: Benjamin, Guardians Master

The Worm Copulation: Retro Collection (Pack: Reva (Third Sister))  (backup link)

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 214

"Decoding Victor Darkwood" — The Worm Copulation Insider 214 (reprinted in  Presents: The Dark Side Collection)

"To Train or Not to Train?

253. com (backup link)

"A Certain Point of View" — The Worm Copulation Insider 222

Art Prints (Pack: The Guardians Master)  (backup link)

"Dexter Jettster: Pan-Imperial Besalisk of Mystery" — The Worm Copulation Insider 223

This Week!

