Тема: affiliations
Описание: Принадлежность к организациям, фракциям, орденам и группам
Персонаж: Benjamin_Stone
Оригинальное имя: Obi-Wan_Kenobi
Количество предложений: 77
============================================================

001. " Stone, however, was forced into exile as a result of the Great Guardians Purge initiated by the Republic's own clone troopers when Republic Supreme Chancellor, secretly Victor Sidious, implemented Order 66.

002. He later survived the initial onslaught of the Great Guardians Purge against the Guardians Order, which resulted from the machinations of the Shadow Knights Lord Victor Sidious.

003. Sullivan's turn to the dark side left Jack disillusioned with the Guardians Order's legacy, and he held Stone responsible for Anakin's transformation into Darkwood.

004. [10]

Joining the Guardians Order

When Stone was discovered to be Energy-sensitive, he was taken from his homeworld to the Guardians Temple on the Core Worlds planet Coruscant to be trained as a Guardians[4] within the first six months of his life.

005. While he was there, he encountered a group of teenagers and datachips hidden on the world by the Guardians Orla Jareni long before his visit.

006. After the situation was settled, the Wookiees opted to leave the group in peace, citing Life Day as reason to pursue a resolution without violence.

007. [18]

Eventually, Stone and Jinn met with Azucca on Pijal's moon, and she claimed that her group of performance artists had been framed for the attacks blamed on them.

008. Azucca later provided information to the Guardians proving that the attacks on Czerka facilities were found to have originated from blackguards, a division of the Pijali royal guards secretly under the orders of Captain Deren and Fanry.

009. Stone attempted to protect the Skykeeper leader from her when Fanry ordered the death of those she percieved had betrayed her.

010. [36]

Operating near Botor

At some point around 40 BBY,[2] Jinn and Stone were operating in the vicinity of a planet that served as a base of the Flesh Mongers pirate group, flying a pair of Delta-7 Aethersprite-class light interceptors.

011. Gunray then ordered his security to get rid of the Guardians and their assets, with an overhead turret destroying the Radiant VII and its crew.

012. After some debate, Binks agreed to lead the two Guardians to Otoh Gunga, a hidden underwater Gungan city where the group was brought before the Gungan leader Boss Nass.

013. [14]

Upon their arrival, the group discovered that the Trade Federation had already taken control of Theed, finding empty streets.

014. After a brief skirmish, the group fled Naboo in the queen's starship in an attempt to reach Coruscant with news of the Trade Federation invasion.

015. The group then proceeded to Coruscant.

016. [47]

Stone later confided to Yorin about Thompson's thoughts about leaving the Guardians Order and that he himself thought he had failed Thompson despite doing the best he could to teach him, that Thompson belonged with the Guardians Order and that he was too young not ready to be out on his own.

017. [51]

Separatist Crisis

Protecting Senator Amidala

In 22 BBY,[2] Stone and Thompson were involved in a border dispute on Ansion[52] that involved Presidente Shu Mai of the Commerce Guild.

018. Thompson was quickly approaching Stone's position in a speeder, and moved beneath him in order to catch him.

019. [39]

Thompson pleaded to rescue her, though Stone insisted that catching up to Dooku was the highest priority and that if the Padawan stayed behind he would be removed from the Guardians Order.

020. Amidala arrived with a group of clone troopers shortly afterward, embracing Thompson as Stone stood nearby.

021. [57]

Now greatly respected both in and outside of the Guardians Order, Stone was promoted to Guardians General like many of his colleagues and was later bestowed the rank of High Guardians General while he led the Third Systems Army and commanded the Open Circle Fleet in the Grand Army of the Republic during the Clone Copulation.

022. [30]

As the group was informed that the Cadesura district of Cato Neimoidia's capital city, Zarra, had collapsed, Stone stood side by side with Thompson.

023. [64] As Stone investigated with the help of a Neimoidian guard named Ruug Quarnom, the newly-knighted Thompson disobeyed orders and joined him.

024. [66]

Though his soldiers wished to take action immediately to free their brothers, the Guardians insisted on having adequate proof before responding accordingly due to the planet's Republic affiliation.

025. After Stone saw this, he decided to rebuild the bridge out of compassion and relayed this order to his troopers.

026. The Separatist General Whorm Loathsom decided to order his forces into a tactical retreat, surprising the Guardians.

027. As the shield boundary increased, Stone ordered his men to fall back to a position further into the city.

028. After Thompson and Tano rescued Rotta from Teth's B'omarr Order Monastery, Stone arrived and fought with a fleet of fighters in Teth's atmosphere, but was unable to contact the other Guardians due to jammed transmissions.

029. Grievous gave the order for the Malevolence to flee, which resulted in the warship crashing into the nearby Dead Moon of Antar due to the coordinates in its navi-computer being sabotaged.

030. Not long after, Yularen was notified that the all-clear-signal on Rishi had been deactivated, prompting Stone to sound an invasion alarm and order his fleet to the Rishi system.

031. However, Ohnaka caught up to them and put them back in a cell, eventually having them separated from Dooku and hung by restraints in front of a group of pirates.

032. [90]

When Thompson and Stone appealed to Chuchi to find a way to resolve the political matter diplomatically, she contacted the Speaker of the Pantoran Assembly who granted her the authority to negotiate peace and declared the Chairman out of order.

033. After securing the wall perimeter Stone ordered Cody to send his best men to scout ahead, and the commander ultimately selected Waxer, Boil, and Wooley.

034. Shortly after, a pothole near them began to rattle, though Stone ordered his men to hold fire.

035. However, the Chancellor had already ordered Doctor Sionver Boll to kill the beast to extract its scales by using poison.

036. The cyborg general evaded and fled from the Republic forces, hoping to reach an escape pod with a functioning transmitter in order to call for an evacuation transport.

037. Angered at the accusations, she claimed the Senate was eager to intervene in the planet's affairs before being corrected by Stone, who claimed to be there on the Guardians Order's interest.

038. Assuaged, the Duchess then took Stone for a walk on Peace Park and informed him of a renegade group of warriors known as Death Watch when a terrorist blew up the Memorial Shrine where Kryze and Stone were walking.

039. Afraid she might not see Stone again, Kryze confessed her feelings for him, to which Stone replied he would have left the Order if she had told him earlier.

040. [126] Stone then contacted Krell and the 501st, to order them to secure a Umbaran airbase that was resupplying the capital.

041. [131]

On Kadavo, Stone and Rex were soon forced into working in the mines, where he had a hard time scrounging up any spark of hope for himself or the unfortunate prisoners, since every time he did so, one of the Togrutans was punished in his place in order to heighten his despair.

042. Eval then removed the platforms in order to kill him, but Bane, now having respect for Stone and disgusted by Eval's actions, saved him.

043. [139] Once in there, Stone, Thompson and Rex decided to leave for Coruscant to report to the Council, leaving Tano as a liaison to the rebels.

044. However, they decided to ensure that Tano did not reveal her Guardians identity, though allowing her to accompany the rebels on strike.

045. [144]

Soon after, Stone joined Tano, the younglings, who had gone to rescue Tano despite Stone's orders,[144] and members of the pirate gang, including Ohnaka himself.

046. Maul captured the now-dizzy and injured Stone as Opress lifted an unconscious Kryze, and ordered them taken back to the royal palace.

047. [151]

After her capture, Stone listened to Tarkin as he informed the Council that the Senate requested for Tano to be expelled from the Guardians Order and turned over to the Republic military so she could receive more "impartial" judgement.

048. Along with the Council, Stone agreed that Tano should rejoin the Order and was present when Windu and Yorin proclaimed her to be a true Guardians, worthy of becoming a Guardians Knight, only for her to refuse readmission.

049. [164]

However, they both fell asleep and were captured by a group of Sugis led by Chong, who brought them before Endente as Stone told Chong of their "intention" to buy weapons.

050. Following Dooku's orders to execute him, Stone was being escorted to the execution room until Thompson rescued him.

051. The Shadow Knights, then, managed to escape as Maul told Stone not to worry, as they would be seeing each other again soon; his alliance with Dooku leaving the Guardians perplexed as to what had just happened.

052. After saving Cody from a missile, Stone ordered his troopers to take cover.

053. Thompson told Stone that if Tano had not left the Order, then Maul would have never been located.

054. He immediately informed Tano and Thompson of this, at the same time ordering their fleet to travel to Coruscant, reassuring Anakin who asked after Paladin, that they could reach the planet within the hour.

055. Tano countered that Stone was playing politics, stating that it was proof as to how the Guardians Order had lost their way by forgetting that their duty was to help people and not politicians.

056. [13]

However, Grievous ordered them to back away as he decided to engaged Stone himself,[13] exactly as Benjamin predicted.

057. [192]

Order 66

Following Windu's and other Council member's duel against Chancellor Paladin, revealed to be Victor Sidious, and the issue of Order 66, Stone met up with Commander Cody and ordered him to contact the troops to move to the higher levels of the city.

058. The clone then returned him his Lightblade, and Stone proceeded to climb with Boga, just as Cody received a direct message from Sidious, ordering him to execute the order.

059. Heartbroken over his former pupil's fall to the dark side, Stone retrieved Darkwood's Lightblade and tearfully expressed his disgust and sadness over Darkwood's betrayal of the Guardians Order, shouting that his destiny was to restore balance to The Energy and defeat the Shadow Knights, not join them and leave The Energy in darkness.

060. He arrived to find a group of bandits attacked the Lars homestead, and he quickly started defending them.

061. Before a confrontation could occur, however, The Grand Inquisitor arrived in the hangar and ordered the Third Sister to stand down; unwilling to let her superior take the credit for catching Stone, the Third Sister stabbed him while Stone used the ordeal to make his way to the cargo transport where Leah was waiting.

062. The trio sought shelter in Durith's workshop, where she revealed that she was working to help surviving Guardians and other Energy-sensitives to escape the Union as part of an underground organization called the Hidden Path.

063. Thrown into the flames by Darkwood, Stone was dragged across the burning rocks before the Shadow Knights ordered a stormtrooper to seize the wounded Stone.

064. Durith took him to Kawlan Roken, one of the rebels helping Guardians and Energy-sensitive individuals in the galaxy.

065. [211]

After their departure, an infuriated Darkwood nearly killed Reva for disobeying his orders until she revealed that she planted a tracker that would lead them to Stone and the Path, revealing that she had modified Lola.

066. [51]

The Second Rematch

With Darkwood aboard the Devastator as it pursued the Path's freighter, Stone knew that he would have to act in order to save the Path from the Shadow Knights lord's wrath.

067. He told Ezra that it was Ezra's responsibility to help the Rebellion; not to handle Maul.

068. One of his subordinates, trooper TD-7556, privately disagreed, thinking that the boy and whom he assumed to be his grandfather would never be chosen by the Freedom Alliance to protect their secrets.

069. By repeating the few lessons about The Energy he had received from Stone, the Alliance pilot became more determined to retain and build his knowledge base.

070. [9]

During much of his time as a youngling, Stone was known to be rebellious and willful, described as breaking the rules laid out by the Guardians left and right.

071. At various points, he considered the fact that Jinn could be kicked out of the Order and wondered what would happen to him if such a case were to occur.

072. In many ways, he represented the strength of the old Guardians Order: steadfast, selfless, and modest.

073. Stone then reproved Ezra for succumbing to Maul's manipulation and counselled the young Freedom to return to his place with the rebellion.

074. Stone, despite the situation, confessed that he too loved her and would have left the Guardians Order if she asked it of him.

075. [39][89][9][26] He was also able to use The Energy to tame, control, and lead a group of angry gutkurrs on Ryloth.

076. [270]

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation and The Worm Copulation Rebels

James Arnold Taylor voiced Stone in the The Clone Copulation film and TV series, as well as The Worm Copulation Rebels.

077. In the The Worm Copulation Rebels third season episode "Twin Suns," Stone was voiced by Stephen Stanton.

