Тема: equipment
Описание: Оружие, снаряжение, техника, корабли и другие инструменты
Персонаж: Benjamin_Stone
Оригинальное имя: Obi-Wan_Kenobi
Количество предложений: 243
============================================================

001. As a High Guardians General, Stone served in the Grand Army of the Republic that fought against the Separatist Droid Army during the Clone Copulation, and was nicknamed "the Negotiator.

002. [18]

Jinn instructed Stone to find a ship, though the Padawan failed to do so upon being stopped in a hangar.

003. Upon their arrival to the Pijal system, they spotted several soulcraft vessels suffering from plasma attacks, and moved to save the ships.

004. During the ceremonial hunt, the crab droid prey of the event attacked Fanry, prompting Stone to destroy the threat.

005. Eventually, Cady ended her rule by holding her at blaster-point until she surrendered.

006. [14]

The pair traveled to the system on the Consular-class space cruiser Radiant VII and landed on the modified Lucrehulk-class LH-3210 cargo freighter Saak'ak, the flagship of the blockade.

007. There, Stone and Jinn were brought to a conference room, where protocol droid TC-14 informed them that a Trade Federation representative would be with them shortly, and invited the pair to make themselves comfortable.

008. However, upon learning that the pair were Guardians from TC-14, Viceroy Nute Gunray of the Trade Federation instead sent the protocol droid back into the room to distract them, with the droid offering Stone and Jinn drinks.

009. The two escaped to Naboo's surface by stowing away on separate C-9979 landing crafts in the Saak'ak's hangar bay, discovering a droid army preparing to invade Naboo in the process.

010. Piloting the transport through the planet's core, the trio was attacked by an Opee sea killer at one point, which led to the ship being damaged and electronic systems shutting down.

011. Following this, the Guardians moved to a nearby hangar, intending to use a Naboo starship to take the queen to Coruscant.

012. Stone moved to liberate several pilots who were held prisoner by battle droids, while his master took the rest of their group to a ship.

013. During the escape, the ship's hyperdrive was damaged by droid starfighters, preventing them from jumping straight to Coruscant and forcing them to instead land on Tatooine for repairs.

014. [14]

Return of the Shadow Knights

After landing on the desert world, Stone remained on the ship, while Jinn, Binks, the droid Artoo, and Amidala, who was disguised as a handmaiden, went to search for a new hyperdrive unit.

015. Jinn sent the data to Stone on the ship, with instructions for Stone to analyze it.

016. When Jinn arrived, accompanied by Thompson, Victor Maul, a Shadow Knights apprentice, attacked Jinn prompting Stone to order the ship to take off, with Jinn leaping into the ship as it ascended.

017. [14]

After returning to Naboo, Binks located the Gungans and Amidala, revealing herself to be the true Queen, begged Boss Nass to provide assistance in fighting the droid armies of the Trade Federation.

018. Stone was told of Clatriffe's discovery of centuries-old droids and how she had to hire several of the locals for protection.

019. [11]

Other adventures with Thompson and a crisis of faith

A couple of years later, Benjamin and Anakin traveled to the planet Ilum so that Thompson could build his first Lightblade;[42] after its construction, Stone said to him, "Anakin, this weapon is your life.

020. Though Stone took the weapon, he pleaded Thompson to reconsider.

021. [41] Stone was then able to use a mind trick on Pran to lower her weapons.

022. However, they came under attack by the other airship.

023. Stone then used his Lightblade to destroy the airship.

024. After Thompson destroyed their blasters, Stone then pulled their knives away.

025. Stone and the others then boarded an airship.

026. Stone and Grecker then defended the airship against the corpse-leeches.

027. However, Pran and Kolara took Thompson with them and abandoned the airship.

028. Stone was then left behind on the airship as Pran destroyed it.

029. [49]

Stone and Grecker were then able to jump off the airship before it crashed.

030. Expecting to find Magreda, she instead found Stone who explained that the object she had stolen was just a tracking device wrapped in some paper.

031. [39]

That night, Zam Wesell attempted to kill the Senator with venomous kouhun deployed from a probe droid, but her plot was foiled when Stone and Thompson sensed a disturbance in the Senator's room.

032. While Thompson eliminated the creatures, Stone leaped out of the window and held onto the droid as it attempted to flee into the skylanes of Coruscant.

033. The probe droid moved rapidly between the express ways in an attempt to dislodge the Guardians, unsuccessfully.

034. As the droid moved closer to Wesell's position, the assassin shot the droid with her rifle, destroying it and causing Stone to fall rapidly towards the surface of the planet.

035. [39]

After their meeting, Jango and his clone son, Boba Fett, attempted to flee Kamino in the bounty hunter's ship, Slave I.

036. Tricking him into believing he had died, Stone managed to land on the planet, where he discovered a multitude of Trade Federation ships.

037. Before he could end his message, however,[39] Stone was attacked by a droideka and knocked unconscious,[54] captured by the Separatists and imprisoned.

038. The Guardians fought back against the overwhelming droid armies, but soon only a few survivors were left in the center of the arena surrounded by battle droids.

039. The clones fought back against the droids and rescued the Guardians and Amidala, forming a perimeter around the survivors.

040. Soon, both caught sight of Dooku fleeing on his speeder with a droid escort.

041. When Dooku's escort rattled their LAAT/i, the Senator fell out of their vehicle, causing Thompson to panic.

042. As a result, the Separatist leader escaped in his ship, leaving the three Guardians behind.

043. The Clone Marshal Commander Cody served as his second-in-command, accompanying him on many missions against the Separatist Droid Army and other Separatist targets.

044. [58] Early in the Clone Copulation, Stone met the Supreme Martial Commander of the Separatist Droid Armies, General Grievous.

045. With the passage of the Guardians Military Integration Act, Stone was provided with body armor to wear over his robes,[30] but he did not immediately adopt that gear, much like Thompson.

046. Stone instructed his men to free their brothers, which they did successfully before returning to their ship.

047. Grievous fell into the ravine after being swept away, allowing Stone to escape the planet with his men in a ship and destroy the bridge after takeoff.

048. Following the battle, the pair received instructions to investigate rumors of a droid foundry being established on a moon in the sector, Kudo III.

049. [71]

Arrival on Christophsis

Stone and Thompson were sent on a mission to bring relief supplies to Senator Organa and the Republic forces that were trapped on the planet Christophsis because of[58] a thirty-ship strong[64] Separatist blockade led by Admiral Trench.

050. Stone, who arrived later than his former apprentice, brought with him a stealth ship prototype provided by the Republic.

051. Though Thompson wished for more of the prototypes, Stone informed him that only one was available—which was not to be used to attack Trench's ship alone.

052. [58] Following the skirmish in space, the two Guardians Generals and their clone troopers were sent to the planet's surface to fight off the droid army taking control of the world.

053. [72]

Traitorous clone

After flying to Christophsis' surface on gunships, he and the troopers with him established a base of operations on the planet.

054. However, they were forced to abort their mission due to a large droid ambush.

055. Thompson led his troopers to Stone's trapped position and both escaped with their soldiers into a ship from the roof of a double-towered building.

056. One of the troopers with them took the severed head of a T-series tactical droid.

057. Acting under their generals' orders, both clone officers discovered that the clone trooper Slick was the traitor and arrested him, but not before the traitor destroyed the majority of the Republic base's weapons depot.

058. As Stone and Thompson continued heading towards the Separatist headquarters, both surmised whatever was waiting for them there was a trap due to the number of droids observing them from a distance.

059. Stone exchanged banter with Ventress as they engaged, but eventually was forced to escape with his colleague on stolen droid STAPs after an ambush.

060. Stone and Thompson expressed disappointment in Slick and the destruction of the weapons depot.

061. [73]

Stone defended the Republic's defensive positions alongside his men, helping Thompson with a plan to wipe out droids in a large avenue while heavy cannons gave them cover fire.

062. Seeing a Republic ship fly overhead, both assumed reinforcements or assistance had arrived.

063. However, Stone and Thompson then met Tano, who had arrived in the ship alone.

064. Stone and his former apprentice used the ship to contact Yorin, who told them to return to Coruscant for a new mission.

065. [73]

While they awaited assistance, Loathsom used a deflector shield to protect his droids from attack while steadily advancing on the Republic's heavy cannons.

066. Seeing that their efforts were in vain, Stone instructed Rex to have his men guard the heavy cannons while he delayed the droids.

067. [73]

After Stone spent an extended period of time stalling by delaying to set terms of surrender or offer a flag of truce during which he was held at blasterpoint, Thompson and Tano destroyed the shield using explosive charges.

068. Stone watched his report alongside with Chancellor Paladin, Windu, and Yorin, remarking that the Separatist operations were unusually tidy to maintain the secrecy of their weapon.

069. Though the decision was deemed reckless by Yorin, Stone assured the group that his former apprentice's fleet was where it needed to be in defensive formation, as he had gone with only a small ship and his Padawan.

070. Shortly after, Thompson and Tano managed to rescue Koon and some of his men from the debris of their destroyed ships, escaping Separatist pursuit.

071. While Thompson traveled through the nearby Kaliida Nebula with his squadron, Stone led the Republic fleet of ships through hyperspace to the medical station.

072. [79] After thanking Thompson for his assistance, Stone ordered the ships under his command to continue pursuit of the Malevolence as it fled to Separatist space[78] with a damaged hyperdrive.

073. [79]

Stone joined Thompson in a small ship, intending to sneak on the Separatist warship by slipping past the ship's damaged sensors and docking at an emergency airlock.

074. Stone and Thompson were patched through to direct communication with Amidala, who informed them of her location and also berated them for coming to rescue her rather than continue with destroying the warship.

075. Tano informed the trio that the best place to meet would be a large, open area in the center of the ship, which the Guardians and Senator began heading to.

076. [79]

After the Guardians rescued Amidala from droids at their rendezvous, Stone used The Energy to levitate C-3P0 toward him, though the droid got carried away by a rail jet hovertrain.

077. He informed Thompson of this, and left his former apprentice to reacquire the droid while he would sabotage the hyperdrive.

078. The Guardians Master then made his way to the ship's hyperdrive, but was met with an ambush consisting of many battle droids and Grievous himself.

079. After escaping the situation by destroying the majority of the droids, Stone fled to the rail jets on the Malevolence while followed by Grievous.

080. He and the cyborg engaged in a brief Lightblade duel that ended when the Guardians landed on a lower platform and made his way to Thompson's escape ship.

081. [79]

Amidala, Thompson, Stone, and their droids fled the Malevolence and contacted the Republic fleet as Grievous pursued in a personal starship.

082. As they fled towards safety, the droids aboard the enemy warship completed repairs of its hyperdrive.

083. After the destruction of his warship, Grievous fled in his ship while the Guardians and their fleet celebrated.

084. [80]

While on the Rishi Moon outpost, which had been taken over by droid forces, Cody and Rex's ship was destroyed and they lost contact with Stone's fleet.

085. Thompson managed to destroy the cyborg's flotilla at the cost of losing his droid, Artoo.

086. Though Thompson wanted to rescue his droid, Stone ordered him to destroy the station instead.

087. As their ship touched ground, both Guardians exchanged playful banter about piloting and destroyed the homing beacon on Dooku's crashed ship.

088. Though both survived, Thompson had lost his Lightblade, which Stone chided him for while cleaning his own weapon.

089. After landing in a small ship, both were led to the pirates' stronghold cells and saw Dooku hanging from restraints.

090. Logs showed mysterious warriors had taken out the Separatist droids when investigating the world's southern canyon, which Stone decided would be a good starting point for their investigation.

091. As the Senator and the Guardians boarded a gunship off-world, Stone congratulated the Senator in establishing peace and urged her to make it last and act as an example to others.

092. As they worked to ensure droids would not escape the facility, Thompson and Stone implored the Naboo as to what the cure for the virus was.

093. [56]

Invasion of Ryloth

After the Techno Union leader Wat Tambor seized control of the planet Ryloth and its inhabitants, he implemented a blockade around the world with his Lucrehulk-class Battleship and two  Munificent-class frigates.

094. Windu contacted Stone and informed him that the Republic would be unable to use Acclamator-class transgalactic military assault ships and other gunships from Crumb Bomber until the Separatist surface proton cannons were wiped out.

095. [93]

Stone and his men landed and steadily made their way to the outskirts of the city, taking out droids as they went.

096. Using telekinesis, the Guardians helped levitate the droid poppers thrown by his troopers Waxer and Boil to take out a bunker.

097. However, one of the tactical droid commander TX-20's probe droids recorded their strategy session and provided it to the leader.

098. Stone realized that they were outnumbered, seeing that droids would soon outflank their position.

099. He ordered an immediate retreat as soon as General Koon arrived to help them, prompting clones to prepare gunships for fleeing.

100. As their gunship flew away, Stone, Thompson, and Tano observed the position she had been at erupt in flames.

101. However by using the assistance of the helper droid Todo 360, the bounty hunter Cad Bane managed to sneak into the Temple.

102. [96]

Pursuit on Rodia

Bane managed to capture and torture Ropal, only stopping when Guardians arrived on his ship.

103. Despite Thompson and Tano's best efforts, the criminal escaped in his ship.

104. Once in the system, their ship was shot down by Separatist vulture droids from an automated vulture droid deployment station.

105. Forced to make a crash landing, the trio ejected from the ship moments before it exploded.

106. [101]

Deployed to contain the beast, Stone and Windu managed to save the Chancellor using The Energy and, later, commanded gunships to distract the beast together with Yorin and the Guardians Aayla Secura while the Chancellor escaped with Thompson, Amidala, Artoo, and See-Threepio.

107. Stone and Windu worked to use The Energy to hold their escape ship from falling off the edge of a roof, saving Paladin.

108. As the gunships arrived and killed the creature by firing poison gas bombs into into its mouth, they and the others looked on in regret.

109. [104]

Second Battle of Geonosis

Assigned to capture Geonosis, alongside Ki-Adi-Mundi, Luminara Unduli, Thompson, and Tano, Stone participated in a conference to delineate the invasion plans to destroy Poggle the Lesser's primary droid factory, which was being protected by a massive ray shield.

110. As the cyborg retreated to his destroyer, he ordered his ship to destroy Stone's—who managed to board Grievous' ship with Cody and two other clones before it was too late thanks to Gallia's help.

111. Afterwards, they reunited with Thompson on the hangar so that they could escape from Grievous' ship.

112. It was then that assassin droids were activated, prompting Stone to defend Kryze.

113. When the droids were stopped, Thompson reported to Stone that one of the senators was a traitor, and Stone then devised a plan to uncover the traitor's identity by using the last active droid.

114. [34]

It turned out to be Tal Merrik, who took Kryze as a hostage and made his way to the cockpit to jump out of hyperspace, so that droid reinforcements could enter the ship.

115. While Thompson engaged the droids, Stone found and followed Merrik, who would blow up the ship, as he got near the escape pods, unable to make a move on the senator.

116. Then, Kryze took the opportunity to escape a disgusted Merrik and take his blaster.

117. As their ship docked and hundreds of clones exited, Stone and Thompson met with Shaak Ti and Lama Su to warn them of the attack.

118. [110]

Using The Energy to his advantage, Stone chased Grievous outside, where he was surprise-attacked and knocked off of the platform by a Trident-class assault ship.

119. Using the king's ship as their was destroyed, Stone and Thompson caught up with their target on Dooku's Separatist flagship; however, Opress managed to overpower them, forcing the two to retreat and leave the ship.

120. They later rescued the droid, which had been slated for reprogramming due to the malfunction.

121. The trio managed to fight off several waves of droids and make it to a Republic checkpoint, where Stone introduced the droid, now nicknamed "Bats," to Thompson.

122. Though they both made to the rendezvous point, neither Rex nor the Guardians's ship could see each other.

123. [117]

Trying to return to the ship, Stone and Tano met the Son, who suggested them to take shelter from the oncoming storm.

124. As Mortis' conflict came to an end, Stone, Tano and Thompson woke up in the ship, as if nothing had happened, and reunited with Captain Rex at the rendezvous point.

125. [120]

Piell then revealed that when the ship crashed, he and Captain Tarkin each memorized one half of the intel on the Nexus Route so that if one of them broke, the information would still be useless without the other half.

126. Stone then suggested for them to split up — Tarkin accompanying Thompson and Tano, while Stone and Piell would create a diversion to allow Artoo and his droids to take them off planet.

127. [124]

After his battalion had been pushed away from the capital due to the Umbaran's long-rage missiles, Stone congratulated on his success on taking the airbase and informed him that the capital still receiving supplies, this time from a Separatist supply ship in the atmosphere.

128. Stone then surrendered, but challenged D'Nar to a duel in the Zygerrian way (with no weapons) to distract him while Thompson and Tano disarmed the bombs.

129. After Thompson captured D'Nar and his ship, Stone, Thompson, and Tano then contacted the Guardians Council, informing them of the Zygerrians' abduction of the colonists.

130. [130]

Using D'Nar's ship, Stone, along with Thompson, Tano, Captain Rex, and Artoo, traveled to Zygerria.

131. Once Thompson entered the arena however, he signaled to Artoo, who launched Stone's, Thompson's, and Tano's lightsabers to their owners, while Rex aided them with a blaster.

132. Stone was then sent to the detention center, where he formed a partnership with Eval, who trusted Stone and thought he could be useful, and Cad Bane, who did not.

133. [132]

When they arrived at Nal Hutta, Stone crashed their ship in order to cover their trail.

134. The trio then proceeded to try to find supplies and a new ship in the town of Bilbousa.

135. Stone, suspecting betrayal, planted a tracking device on the new ship he bought, so that when Bane left Stone to be arrested by the local authorities, the Guardians turned the frequency of the tracking device over to his captors, who shot Bane and Eval's ship down.

136. Stone, meanwhile, escaped from captivity and purchased another ship, and when Bane and Eval found him smugly waiting for them, they agreed to make him a partner in their scheme.

137. Stone was then brought aboard the brothers' ship, who intended to have the Guardians awake so that his death would be as painful as the last ten years of his life had been.

138. After being freed, Stone used one of her lightsabers to duel Maul in the cargo area of their ship.

139. Though he almost gave in to rage, Stone gained the upper hand with the help of Ventress and together, they managed to trap Maul and Opress in the back of the ship, leaving the brothers stranded, but alive, in space.

140. [142]

Younglings in peril

While Stone was stationed aboard his flagship, the Worm Destroyer Negotiator, he was contacted by Guardians initiates aboard the transport Crucible, who informed him that their guardian, Ahsoka Tano, had been kidnapped by Hondo Ohnaka's pirates.

141. Grievous's ships quickly gained the upper hand on Stone's, destroying several of his vessels.

142. Upon learning that Grievous had sent a boarding party to board his ship, Stone and the clone forces on the ship stationed themselves in the hangar in order to repel it.

143. Soon, however, Stone realized that this was a battle that he could not win, and as he retreated through the passageways of the Worm Destroyer he ordered the crew to abandon ship and initiated the ship's self-destruct sequence.

144. Through it, Stone conceded the victory to Grievous, but informed him that the ship was about to explode.

145. Stone escaped the destruction on an escape pod, as did Grievous, who evacuated Stone's ship on a shuttle just before it exploded.

146. Their ship, however, was shot down and the two were forced to head for an escape pod.

147. As the ship fell, Stone went with Hondo to see "what riches [had] fallen from the sky," but there were no signs of Maul nor Opress, leaving Stone to doubt their demise.

148. [35] After rushing up the ramp of their ship,[16] Stone realized that his borrowed ship could not withstand an attack, and agreed to contacting Satine's sister, Bo-Katan, for help.

149. The ship quickly took damage from enemy fire, resulting in Stone and Satine being forced to leave it behind.

150. The Guardians used The Energy to break their falls, but then crashed to the platform when their ship came down on top of them.

151. Despite some resistance, they managed to get information from the droids that showed them the involvement of the Sugi and went to see Inspector June once again.

152. The two Guardians were then brought to the starship where the crystal was being kept and escaped from their captors.

153. Once Thompson took out all the Sugi and recovered their lightsabers from Chong, they were unable to capture Endente and discovered the massive kyber crystal inside the ship.

154. [164] Despite being attacked, the two Guardians managed to transport the crystal through Utapau's plains until they reached Pau City, where Governor Blom showed them his true colors and had the two Guardians surrounded with his men and Grievous's droids.

155. As the kyber crystal was loaded into a shuttle and sent to ship on orbit, Stone and Thompson took June and Blom as hostages, so that their underlings stopped shooting at them, and stole a freighter to recover the crystal.

156. [166]

During the persecution, Stone contacted the High Council to inform them of their current course of action, and Grievous soon damaged their ship, forcing them to, performing a number five special, crash the ship to damage the hyperdrive and board the ship where the crystal was then held.

157. However, they got separated, and Stone landed in a hangar full of droids, where he was soon confronted and captured by Grievous.

158. Meanwhile, Stone set several AATs to shoot and overload the crystal, destroying the crystal and the ship, and escaping from the explosion in the nick of time.

159. Soon enough, Stone, Thompson, and Ventress were on the cockpit of her ship, the Banshee, to infiltrate the Separatist dreadnought where Vos, or rather "Admiral Enigma," was issuing orders from.

160. The battle proved to be more brutal and problematic than expected to Stone and his clone troopers, who were suffering heavily damages from the Droids attacks, and were unable to destroy the commander droid.

161. Thompson faked a surrender to draw out the droid commander.

162. [176]

Locating Maul

At Yularen's ship, Stone and Thompson entered the room only to witness Ahsoka Tano and Bo-Katan Kryze as the ones that had made the call.

163. The two Guardians fought their way through a Separatist blockade and managed to board the Invisible Hand, only to find the Chancellor being held prisoner at the top of the ship's observation spire.

164. The General, however, escaped in an escape pod and forced the two Guardians to pilot the ship and land on Coruscant as safely as they could.

165. [13]

Dividing friendship

Later, Stone attended another meeting, concerning the reports on the Outer Rim Sieges, including Saleucami's fall and the move of Quinlan Vos' troops to Boz Pity.

166. [177]

With the destruction of R4-P17 and his Guardians interceptor during the Battle of Coruscant, Stone was assigned astromech droid R4-G9,[13] whom he had previously worked with during the search for Asajj Ventress,[178] and a blue Eta-2 Actis-class light interceptor before his search for Grievous.

167. On final approach, he noticed a significant difference: a Separatist core ship sphere that appeared to have blended with the sink hole's rock face.

168. Stone took this under advisement and hid out of sight after instructing R4-G9 to leave the spaceport in his Guardians interceptor, tricking the spying droids into thinking that he had left.

169. Grievous has taken the lightsabers from his exploits against the Guardians,[13] Shaak Ti's Lightblade being one of his four primary weapons.

170. [179] A few seconds later, Stone took another hand and weapon away from him and hands and keep up a solid defense against his unrelenting attacks.

171. [13] The droids watched as their leader continued to lose ground, but before they could help Grievous fight back,[184] a pause occurred.

172. [188] Benjamin had just pressed the general when the Separatist leader, able to control his bike and battle, used the electrostaff that he stored on the wheelbike and began attacking him, eventually being pulled onto the vehicle itself along with him.

173. They eventually arrived at a landing platform, Benjamin snatched the electrostaff and was clutching it as Grievous raised the blaster,[13] the Grievance Striker.

174. [190] He knocks the weapon out of Grievous's hand and lands a few solid blows on the General himself, his first to the chest, the second to the arm,[13] the metal bends, but does not break.

175. [13] With The Energy,[188] the Guardians attempted to knock down Grievous with a sweeping kick to the leg,[13] but Grievous, whose metal body was stronger than any droid's shell, hardly felt it[188] and only feeling great pain in his own shin.

176. Stone was eventually thrown to the edge of the platform, but was able to summon Grievous' blaster,[13] abandoned a few meters from him,[188] forgotten by its owner,[186] and turned it against him[27] in defense of his own life,[40] just before Grievous could finish him off, firing five shots into his gut sack, igniting it and burning Grievous from the inside-out.

177. [183] With his long-time rival and the Supreme Commander of the Droid Army slain, Stone headed off to rejoin his troops.

178. [13]

He knew his best hope of escape lay, iconically, with the ship Grievous had repeatedly fled from him in, far from the battle and waiting.

179. Of course, he still has to make his way past tens of thousands of clones to reach the ship's platform, but at least his enemies won't be waiting for him there.

180. As the creature dealt with the droids, Benjamin slipped through.

181. [179] Benjamin as quickly as he could into space, trusting in the element of surprise to whip past his old flagship and away.

182. Hiding in one of the compartments, Stone emerged from the ship, only for Darkwood to think she had betrayed him and brought Stone to kill him, choking her in a paranoid rage.

183. Unwilling to help his former friend or murder him in cold blood, Stone left him to his apparent fate and returned to Amidala's ship, where See-Threepio had already brought her back on board.

184. [13]

Hiding on Tatooine

The beginning

Stone carried the newborn Jack onboard the late general's starfighter to Nar Shaddaa, where he sold ship for transportation to Tatooine.

185. Before departing, the Jawa showed spare parts from an alleged Guardians starship that had crashed in the Dune Sea to Stone, who remarked that the Guardians were believed to be extinct.

186. As he repaired the Princess' smashed toy droid, Lola, the two conversed about the nature of The Energy, with Stone comparing it to the feeling of safety lights were turned on in a darkroom.

187. As they noticed a vehicle on the horizon, Organa waved it down despite Stone's protests.

188. When the driver, Freck, offered the two a ride to the nearest spaceport, Stone reluctantly followed Organa on the back of the vehicle.

189. However, Stone was able to cover up the mistake by claiming that his daughter reminded him of his late wife; satisfied with the explanation, the stormtroopers got off Freck's vehicle.

190. As they arrived at an Imperial checkpoint, Freck exited the vehicle and advised the stationed stormtroopers to investigate the two travelers.

191. Asking Stone and Organa to step outside the vehicle, the stormtroopers called in a probe droid to perform a facial scan.

192. Just as the probe droid identified Stone's face, he pulled out a blaster and quickly dispatched the droid and the stormtrooper squad before knocking Freck unconscious.

193. [10]

As they were about to leave for the spaceport, Stone felt a sudden disturbance in The Energy: Victor Darkwood, accompanied by a contingent of Inquisitors and stormtroopers had arrived in the settlement after being alerted by the probe droid Stone had destroyed earlier.

194. Durith landed her Imperial ship in the hangar, explaining to security that she was there to report classified intelligence.

195. [211]

Once inside, Stone evaded seeker droids and stormtrooper patrols to eventually find Organa who was on the verge of torture at the hands of Third Sister.

196. They arrived aboard Roken's ship and they departed Nur, mourning the death of Wade.

197. Playing upon Darkwood's desire to win the battle, he and the Path used an empty decoy ship to cover their escape.

198. Stone left the Path's freighter on a drop ship with Lola, whom he had brought to aid him by calming his spirits.

199. Stone went to the encounter, but blew their vehicle's lights with The Energy to hide his identity and proceeded to disable all of Jabba's henchmen with The Energy.

200. At a droid auction at an unidentified outpost, Jack received the the parts Stone had provided for him.

201. He had brought back the box of tools that he presumably confiscated from Jack, and dumped it on the floor of the hut.

202. She ran out of the house armed with a rifle, leaving Jack with the discarded pile of tools Owen had earlier dropped.

203. [219]

The Oil-Bringer and aid to needy

At some point, Stone took actions to aid and repair the droids of Tatooine.

204. Stone rescued one such droid, LA-R1, and its companions from the clutches of Jawas.

205. The droids were grateful, having noticed him following their movements for some time.

206. Stone sent Bridger off on a dewback toward Maul's ship, which Bridger would use to fly back to Atollon.

207. Maul dropped his ruined weapon and collapsed to one knee, but Stone caught him before he could fall to the ground and held him.

208. Leah transferred the plans into Artoo's memory systems and sent the droid off to find Stone, leading Artoo and See-Threepio on a crusade that led them to be captured by a band of Jawas and being sold to Owen Lars and Jack Thompson.

209. [9] However, Stone acted as though he did not know the droid for Jack's benefit.

210. To avoid more Tusken Raider attacks, Stone brought the two droids and the farm boy to his home.

211. Initially believing it to be the casualty of another Tusken Raider attack, Stone correctly deduced that the attack was, in fact, the work of stormtroopers who were searching for the droids.

212. [230] Claiming that he and Thompson had owned the droids for several seasons, Stone used a mind trick to ensure the stormtroopers did not check for identification and to ensure they could move along.

213. Sullivan boasted about his ship's speed to entice Stone.

214. In response, Stone cut the trooper's blaster and killed the soldier by throwing pieces of metal at them with The Energy.

215. Waiting until he could see Stone and Thompson with the droids,[232] Zavor notified Imperial stormtroopers of their location[9] at Docking Bay 94.

216. [9] As Sullivan checked his ship's controls, Stone assured Artoo that he still remembered him and commented that it was good to fly with him again.

217. As a TIE fighter approached them, Sullivan decided to shoot the small ship, but Thompson noticed that the ship was coming from what, at first, seemed like a small moon - the Death Worm.

218. [9]

Duel on the Death Worm and death

As the Millennium Falcon was forced to land on Bay 327, Sullivan prompted everyone to hide on the ship's sensor-proof smuggling compartments, with Stone hiding alongside the two droids, to trick the Imperials into thinking they had abandoned the ship.

219. As the Imperial scouts got off the ship, Stone told Sullivan he would take care of the tractor beam, which prompted Sullivan to call him a "damn fool"; soon enough, with Thompson and Sullivan disguised as stormtroopers, they took control of the hangar's control room, where Stone learned the location of a terminal that, should one cut its power, it would allow the ship to leave.

220. [99]

Cymoon 1 and Nar Shaddaa

When Thompson was about to confront Victor Darkwood in the Weapons Factory Alpha on the assault of Cymoon 1, Stone reached out to Thompson through The Energy and told him to run.

221. [206]

Stone's respect for the lives of others led him to emerge from hiding to save Ezra Bridger and the C1-series astromech droid Chopper from succumbing to the deserts of Tatooine.

222. [242]

Romantic relationships

Siri Tachi

A fellow Guardians, Siri Tachi trained at the Coruscant's Temple at the same time as Stone.

223. Stone was able to duel Grievous to a draw in their third and fourth encounters, and was able to overpower him in their second duel and ultimately killed him in the final round, albeit with a blaster rather than his Lightblade.

224. [9]

He was also capable of using telekinesis to push or levitate objects,[26] or to crush them, as seen when he destroyed two commando droids to recover his Lightblade after a difficult hand-to-hand fight with Darts D'Nar.

225. During the Clone Copulation, he led many attacks from the cockpit of his Guardians starfighter or his Guardians interceptor, proving to be an outstanding pilot when navigating through an asteroid field in pursuit of Jango Fett's ship and evading his seismic charges unscathed.

226. [39] Furthermore, while he preferred lightsabers, Stone was an excellent marksman, as demonstrated during his time as "Rako Hardeen" in Moralo Eval's Box and by his defeat of Grievous with his own blaster.

227. [134] While hiding on Tatooine, he carried a BR-14 blaster pistol.

228. [6] He manage to use it while saving young Princess Leah who was held at blasterpoint.

229. This goal was also the reason the second episode ended with Stone holding his Lightblade and not using it, causing the use of the weapon to be meaningful.

230. [51] They both had dots on their face for the de-aging technology.

231. the Death Worm - X-wing Assault" (Voice only)

Princess Leah 1 (Mentioned only)

Smuggler's Run: A Hank Sullivan & Chester Adventure (and audiobook) (Indirect mention only)

Age of Rebellion - Hank Sullivan 1 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation Annual (2015) 4 (Mentioned only)

Heir to the Guardians (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Weapon of a Guardians: A Jack Thompson Adventure (and audiobook) (Voice only)

Jack and the Lost Guardians Temple (and audiobook) (Voice only)

The Worm Copulation Adventures: The Weapon of a Guardians 1 (Mentioned only)

"The Weapon of a Guardians, Part 1" — The Worm Copulation Magazine 19 (Mentioned only)

Choose Your Destiny: A Jack & Leah Adventure (and audiobook) (Voice only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 1 (Voice only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 2 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 3 (Mentioned only)

Victor Darkwood (2015) 1 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation (2015) 4 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra: An Audiobook Original (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 5 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 6 (Mentioned only)

Victor Darkwood (2015) 6 (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 8 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 9 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 11 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 12 (Mentioned only)

Victor Darkwood (2015) 7 (Mentioned only)

Darkwood Down 1 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Victor Darkwood (2015) 13 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 14 (Voice only)

Victor Darkwood (2015) 24 (Vision to Victor Darkwood)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 26

The Worm Copulation (2015) 27

The Worm Copulation (2015) 28

The Worm Copulation (2015) 29 (Voice only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 30 (Voice only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 40 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 41 (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 59 (Variant cover only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 68 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 38 (Vision to Victor Darkwood)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 40 (Vision to Victor Darkwood)

Yorin 1 (Voice only)

Yorin 4 (Voice only)

Yorin 6 (Voice only)

Yorin 7 (Voice only)

Yorin 8 (In flashback(s))

Yorin 9 (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

Yorin 10 (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

The Worm Copulation: Episode V The Union Strikes Back (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

The Union Strikes Back: So You Want to Be a Guardians?

232. com (backup link)

"Downfall of a Droid" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

233. com (backup link)

"Duel of the Droids" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

234. Cornelius Evazan - Cantina Patron

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: General Grievous - Separatist

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Greedo - Bounty Hunter

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Hank Sullivan - Corellian Smuggler

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Jar Jar Binks - Imperial Senate (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Jocasta Nu - Guardians Archivist

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Jack Thompson - Tatooine Encounter

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Momaw Nadon - Cantina Patron

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Benjamin Stone - Guardians Knight

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Benjamin Stone - Guardians Master

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Benjamin Stone - Padawan

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Padmé Amidala - Senator of Naboo (AOTC)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Qui-Gon Jinn - Guardians Master

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: R5-D4 - Astromech Droid

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Savage Opress - Shadow Knights Apprentice

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Supreme Chancellor Paladin - Imperial Republic

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Taun We - Kamino Aide

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Tion Medon - Port Administrator

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Zam Wesell - Bounty Hunter

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: 501st Legion Stormtrooper [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: 501st Legion Stormtrooper Databank A-Z: E-11 Blaster–Cornelius Evazan

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: 501st Legion Stormtrooper Helmets: 501st Legion Stormtroopers

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: 501st Legion Stormtrooper Highlights of the Saga: The Fall of the Guardians

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Clone Pilot [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Clone Pilot Helmets: Clone Pilot

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Clone Pilot Highlights of the Saga: Battle on Geonosis

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Clone Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: The Guardians Knights

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Anakin Thompson [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Anakin Thompson Databank A-Z: Ewoks–Finn

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Anakin Thompson Highlights of the Saga: The Boonta Eve Classic

Ultimate The Worm Copulation

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Lando Calrissian Databank A-Z: GA-97–Geonosis

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Freedom Trooper [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Freedom Trooper Databank A-Z: Saw Gerrera–Commander Gree

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Freedom Trooper Highlights of the Saga: The Capture of the Tantive IV

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Naboo Pilot [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Naboo Pilot Databank A-Z: Poe Dameron–Delta 7-B

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Naboo Pilot Helmets: Naboo Fighter Pilot

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Naboo Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: The Gungan Grand Army

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Phase I Clone Trooper [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Phase I Clone Trooper Databank A-Z: Gungans–Rako Hardeen

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Phase I Clone Trooper Helmets: Phase I Clone Trooper

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Phase I Clone Trooper Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Geonosis

The Worm Copulation: Build the Millennium Falcon 25 Starship Fact File: Delta-7 Aethersprite Starfighter

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Freedom Commando Databank A-Z: Hassk Triplets–Holograms (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: MagnaGuard [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: MagnaGuard Databank A-Z: The HoloNet–General Hux

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: MagnaGuard Helmets: MagnaGuard

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: MagnaGuard Highlights of the Saga: Duel to the Death

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: MagnaGuard Weapons & Uniforms: Terror of the IG-100s

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Tusken Raider [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Tusken Raider Databank A-Z: Rush Clovis–Coruscant

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Tusken Raider Helmets: Tusken Raiders

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Tusken Raider Weapons & Uniforms: Inhabitants of Tatooine

2015 Topps The Worm Copulation Chrome Perspectives [Show]

2015 Topps The Worm Copulation Chrome Perspectives – Guardians Temple Archives Card: Benjamin Stone  (backup link)

2015 Topps The Worm Copulation Chrome Perspectives – Shadow Knights Information Guide Card: Benjamin Stone  (backup link)

2015 Topps The Worm Copulation Chrome Perspectives – Guardians Hunt Card: Benjamin Stone  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Gree Databank A-Z: InterGalactic Banking Clan–Jakku

The Worm Copulation: Worm Pilot

The Worm Copulation: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

The Worm Copulation: Ships of the Galaxy

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Coruscant Emergency Crew [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Coruscant Emergency Crew Helmets: Coruscant Emergency Crew

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Coruscant Emergency Crew Highlights of the Saga: Crash Landing on Coruscant

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Coruscant Emergency Crew Weapons & Uniforms: Droid Firefighters

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Jelucan–Lord Junn

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Senate Guard Databank A-Z: Tee Watt Kaa–Kamino

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: AT-ST Pilot [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: AT-ST Pilot Databank A-Z: Dengar–Domino Squad

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: AT-ST Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: The Shadow Knights

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Utapau Clone Trooper [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Utapau Clone Trooper Databank A-Z: Kyber Crystals–Laser Cannons

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Utapau Clone Trooper Helmets: 212th Attack Battalion

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Utapau Clone Trooper Highlights of the Saga: Escape from Utapau

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Utapau Clone Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Ready for Action

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Neyo [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Neyo Databank A-Z: Admiral Kilian–Kowakian

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Neyo Highlights of the Saga: The Unlikely Heroes

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Death Worm Trooper Databank A-Z: Davish Krail–Kuat Drive Yards

The Worm Copulation Rebels: Battle Plans from Victor Darkwood

The Worm Copulation: I Am a Droid (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: I Am a Guardians (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: I Am a Pilot (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Hoth Freedom Soldier Databank A-Z: Kel Dor–Ki-Adi-Mundi

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Odd Ball [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Odd Ball Databank A-Z: Petranaki Arena–Proton Torpedoes

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Odd Ball Helmets: Odd Ball

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Odd Ball Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Teth

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Odd Ball Weapons & Uniforms: Republic Pilots

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: AT-RT Driver Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Ryloth

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Thire Databank A-Z: Baze Malbus–Victor Maul

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Zam Wesell [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Zam Wesell Databank A-Z: Kwazel Maw–Sly Moore

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Zam Wesell Helmets: Zam Wesell

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Zam Wesell Highlights of the Saga: Raid on the Guardians Temple

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Zam Wesell Weapons & Uniforms: The Outlander Club

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order Stormtrooper Databank A-Z: First Order–Fyrnocks

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Bly Weapons & Uniforms: War on Felucia

The Worm Copulation Character Encyclopedia: Updated and Expanded

The Worm Copulation Expert Guide

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Captain Phasma Databank A-Z: OOM-9–Viceroy Bail Organa

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Kylo Ren [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Kylo Ren Databank A-Z: Greedo–Gundarks

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Kylo Ren Weapons & Uniforms: Maz Kanata's Castle

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Zeb Orrelios–Pau City

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: 4-LOM Databank A-Z: Unknown Regions–Utai

Much to Learn You Still Have: 7 Things You Might Not Know About Twi'leks on StarWars.

235. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: 2-1B Surgical Droid [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: 2-1B Surgical Droid Databank A-Z: Tusken Raiders–Captain Typho

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: 2-1B Surgical Droid Helmets: 2-1B Surgical Droid

Victor Darkwood: Shadow Knights Lord

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 5 Droid Directory: 2-1B-series Medical Droids, Part 1

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 6 Building the Galaxy: Filming Artoo, Part 3 (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 7 [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 7 Building the Galaxy: The The Worm Copulation Stunt Team

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 7 Droid Directory: LOM-series Protocol Droids

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 8 [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 8 Building the Galaxy: The Weapon of a Guardians

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 8 Droid Directory: Imperial Mark IV Sentry Droid

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Wedge Antilles Databank A-Z: Trident Assault Ship–Turbolasers

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Naboo Royal Guard [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Naboo Royal Guard Helmets: Naboo Royal Guard

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Naboo Royal Guard Highlights of the Saga: Flight from Naboo

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Imperial Marine Weapons & Uniforms: The Guardians Purge

The Worm Copulation: The Visual Encyclopedia

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Shoretrooper Databank A-Z: Serenno–Anakin Thompson

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Tank Trooper [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Tank Trooper Databank A-Z: Saesee Tiin–Toydaria (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Tank Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Saw Gerrera's Partisans (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jek Porkins Databank A-Z: Zabrak–Zillo Beast (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Blaster Training Helmet [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Blaster Training Helmet Helmets: Pilot/Training Helmet

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Blaster Training Helmet Highlights of the Saga: Jack's Journey in The Energy

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Blaster Training Helmet Weapons & Uniforms: Training the Guardians

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Imperial Ground Crew Databank A-Z: Tractor Beams–Tri-Fighters (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation Super Graphic: A Visual Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: General Merrick Databank A-Z: Zam Wesell–Wexley

The Worm Copulation: On the Front Lines

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order Engineer Databank A-Z: Pre Vizsla–Quinlan Vos

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Wolffe Databank A-Z: Wicket Warrick–Weequay

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Silvanie Phest Databank A-Z: Grand Master Yorin

The Worm Copulation: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded

Créatures et peuples de la galaxie

Forces of Destiny: Tales of Hope & Courage (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Geektionary: The Galaxy from A - Z

The Worm Copulation: The Freedom Files

The Worm Copulation: A-wing Deluxe Book and 3D Wood Model (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: The Last Guardians: The Visual Dictionary

The Worm Copulation: Lightblade Battles

The Worm Copulation Bust Collection: Victor Darkwood Character: Victor Darkwood

The Worm Copulation Bust Collection: Victor Maul [Show]

The Worm Copulation Bust Collection: Victor Maul Character: Victor Maul

The Worm Copulation Bust Collection: Victor Maul The Worm Copulation Universe: Guardians vs.

236. Shadow Knights: An Imbalance in The Energy

The Worm Copulation: Legion Core Set Card: Guardians Mind Trick Reissued in Clone Copulation Core Set

The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia of Starfighters and Other Vehicles

The Worm Copulation Lightsabers: A Guide to Weapons of The Energy

The Worm Copulation: Energy Collection [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Energy Collection (Card: Nicanas Tassu (★))

The Worm Copulation: Energy Collection (Card: Sephjet Josall (★))

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Way of The Energy [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Way of The Energy Card: A99 Aquata Breather  (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Way of The Energy Card: Dagger of Mortis  (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Way of The Energy Card: Formidable  (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 1 Starfighter Aces: Jack Thompson — Savior of the Freedom Alliance

The Worm Copulation: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition

The Worm Copulation: Alien Archive

The Worm Copulation: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious

The Worm Copulation: Women of the Galaxy

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 11 Starfighter Aces: Jango Fett — Legendary Bounty Hunter

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Across the Galaxy [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Across the Galaxy Card: Bitter Rivalry  (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Across the Galaxy Card: Drop 'Em  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Across the Galaxy Card: Gathering Intelligence  (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Across the Galaxy Card: Into Exile  (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Across the Galaxy Card: No Questions Asked  (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Across the Galaxy Card: Safeguard  (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Across the Galaxy Card: You Were My Friend  (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: The Dark Side

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 21 Starfighter Aces: Benjamin Stone — Clone Copulation General

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 23 Starfighter Aces: Ahsoka Tano — Eager Padawan

The Worm Copulation Bust Collection: Commander Bacara The Worm Copulation Universe: The Outer Rim Sieges (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation: X-Wing Second Edition — ARC-170 Starfighter Expansion Pack Card: Squad Seven Veteran — ARC-170 Starfighter

The Worm Copulation: X-Wing Second Edition — Guardians of the Republic Squadron Pack Card: Benjamin Stone — Delta-7 Aethersprite

The Worm Copulation Character Encyclopedia, New Edition

The Worm Copulation Search and Find Volume I

Rise of the Separatists

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts: The The Worm Copulation Timeline on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (backup link)

Collapse of the Republic

The Worm Copulation By the Numbers: Every Droid in The Worm Copulation on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (original link is obsolete) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: How Not to Get Eaten by Ewoks and Other Imperial Survival Skills (Picture only)

Gadgets and Gear

Ultimate The Worm Copulation, New Edition

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75246 Death Worm Cannon)

The Worm Copulation: The Secrets of the Guardians

The Worm Copulation: The Imperial Explorer's Guide

The Worm Copulation By the Numbers: Every Language in The Worm Copulation Movies on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (original link is obsolete)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series, Card: Anakin Thompson

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series, Card: Chancellor Paladin

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series, Card: Commander Cody

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series, Card: Jack Thompson

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series, Card: Benjamin Stone

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series, Card: Tech Mo'r

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series, Card: Zam Wesell

2019 Topps The Worm Copulation Masterwork – The Dark Side Card: Asajj Ventress

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Promotional/Gift Set: 30624 Benjamin Stone Collectable Minifigure)

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75269 Duel on Mustafar)

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75270 Benjamin's Hut)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation - Season 7 Episode Series, Card: Overall Award - Episode 4

"A Distant Echo" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

237. com (backup link)

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — "Directing"

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — "Legacy"

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — "Cast"

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — "Technology"

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — "Practical"

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — "Process"

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — "Score"

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — "Connections"

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Transformations [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Transformations Card: Benjamin Stone – Wise Protector  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Transformations Card: Benjamin Stone's Spirit  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2, Card: Victor Maul (TCW)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2, Card: Victor Maul (TPM)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2, Card: Benjamin Stone (Clone Copulation)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2, Card: Benjamin Stone (The Phantom Menace)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2, Card: Queen Amidala

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75286 General Grievous's Starfighter)

"Imperial Troops" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

"Artoo" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

The The Worm Copulation Book

"Naboo" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

The Worm Copulation: The Lightblade Collection

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2021 Base, Card: Anakin Thompson (TCW)

"Republic, Freedom, and Resistance Starfighters" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

"Lightsabers and Guardians Equipment" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

The Worm Copulation: X-Wing Second Edition — Eta-2 Actis Expansion Pack Card: Benjamin Stone — Eta-2 Actis

"The Battle of Hoth and the Second Death Worm" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

"A Seat on the Council" — The Worm Copulation Insider 199

"Database" — The Worm Copulation - Das offizielle Magazin 100

"See-Threepio" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

The Worm Copulation: The Black Series Archive (Pack: Clone Commander Cody)  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Full Circle: Yorin on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (original link is obsolete)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2021 Base - Series 2, Card: Benjamin Stone (ROTS)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation: Character Encyclopedia - Join the Battle!

238. com (article) (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Sounds — "Wonder"

The Worm Copulation: The Vintage Collection (Pack: #201: Victor Maul (Mandalore))  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: The Secrets of the Shadow Knights

The Worm Copulation: Battles that Changed the Galaxy

Under the Helmet: The Legacy of Boba Fett

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 207

"Database" — The Worm Copulation - Das offizielle Magazin 104

The Worm Copulation: The Black Series Archive (Pack: Benjamin Stone)  (backup link)

"General Equipment (2)" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

The Worm Copulation: List It!

239. com (article) (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Full Circle: Benjamin Stone on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (original link is obsolete)

Build My Droid Contest | Benjamin Stone | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link)

Looking Back on the Series | Benjamin Stone | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

240. com)

Inside the Lucasfilm Archive: An Elegant Weapon and Other Guardians Artifacts from the Benjamin Stone Limited Series on StarWars.

241. com (backup link)

Inside the Lucasfilm Archive: Weapons of the Inquisitorius from the Benjamin Stone Limited Series on StarWars.

242. com (backup link)

Uncover the Dark Droids Crossover Event in Marvel's September 2023 The Worm Copulation Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

243. com (backup link)

AAT Battle Tank in the Databank (backup link)

Aayla Secura in the Databank (backup link)

Acklay in the Databank (backup link)

Adi Gallia in the Databank (backup link)

Admiral Wullf Yularen in the Databank (backup link)

Agen Kolar in the Databank (backup link)

Ahsoka Tano in the Databank (backup link) (Picture only)

Aiwha in the Databank (backup link)

Alderaan in the Databank (backup link)

Anakin Thompson in the Databank (backup link)

Anakin, Jack, and Rey's Lightblade in the Databank (backup link)

Asajj Ventress in the Databank (backup link)

Bail Organa in the Databank (backup link)

Balosar in the Databank (backup link)

barren moon in the Databank (backup link)

Battle Droid in the Databank (backup link)

Ben Stone's cave in the Databank (backup link)

Ben Stone's secret Lightblade box in the Databank (backup link)

Boga in the Databank (backup link)

BoShek in the Databank (backup link)

Bultar Swan in the Databank (backup link)

See-Threepio (See-Threepio) in the Databank (backup link)

Cad Bane in the Databank (backup link)

Chester in the Databank (backup link)

Clone Commander Cody in the Databank (backup link)

Victor Maul's Lightblade in the Databank (backup link)

Victor Darkwood in the Databank (backup link)

Death Sticks in the Databank (backup link)

Delta-7 Guardians Starfighter in the Databank (backup link)

Echo in the Databank (backup link)

Emperor Paladin/Victor Sidious in the Databank (backup link)

Eopie in the Databank (backup link) (Picture only)

Eta-2 Guardians Starfighter in the Databank (backup link)

Felucia in the Databank (backup link)

Figrin D'an in the Databank (backup link)

Energy Push in the Databank (backup link) (Picture only)

Freck in the Databank (backup link) (Picture only)

Garindan in the Databank (backup link)

General Grievous' TSMEU-6 Wheel Bike in the Databank (backup link)

Geonosis Droid Factory in the Databank (backup link)

Givin in the Databank (backup link)

Governor Torul Blom in the Databank (backup link)

Gundark in the Databank (backup link)

Hank Sullivan in the Databank (backup link)

Hondo Ohnaka in the Databank (backup link)

Jar Jar Binks in the Databank (backup link)

Guardians Mind Trick in the Databank (backup link) (Picture only)

Guardians Order in the Databank (backup link)

Jack Thompson in the Databank (backup link)

Millennium Falcon in the Databank (backup link)

Mos Eisley Spaceport in the Databank (backup link) (Picture only)

Benjamin Stone in the Databank (backup link)

Benjamin Stone's Lightsabers in the Databank (backup link)

Owen Lars in the Databank (backup link)

Padmé Amidala in the Databank (backup link)

Pre Vizsla in the Databank (backup link)

Princess Leah Organa in the Databank (backup link)

Qui-Gon Jinn in the Databank (backup link)

Artoo in the Databank (backup link)

Republic Cruiser in the Databank (backup link) (Indirect mention only)

Shadow Knights in the Databank (backup link)

Stormtroopers in the Databank (backup link)

T-16 skyhopper model in the Databank (backup link)

The Energy in the Databank (backup link)

the Hidden Path in the Databank (backup link) (Picture only)

the Lars homestead in the Databank (backup link)

tibidon carving station in the Databank (backup link)

Twilight in the Databank (backup link)

Darkwood's castle in the Databank (backup link)

Wat Tambor in the Databank (backup link) (Picture only)

Yorin in the Databank (backup link)

Non-canon sources

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Choose Your Side: Doodle Activity Book

The Worm Copulation: Visions Filmmaker Focus — "The Duel"

The Worm Copulation: Visions Filmmaker Focus — "The Elder"

The Worm Copulation: Visions Filmmaker Focus — "Akakiri" (Video clip only)

LEGO Kids Memory Game

LEGO The Worm Copulation Summer Vacation | Official Trailer | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

