Тема: story_arc
Описание: Сюжетные линии, ключевые события, битвы и приключения
Персонаж: Benjamin_Stone
Оригинальное имя: Obi-Wan_Kenobi
Количество предложений: 368
============================================================

001. ({{Image}})

It is requested that this article, or a section of this article, be expanded.

002. Clone Marshal Commander Cody served as his second-in-command throughout the galaxy-wide conflict, with their forces achieving multiple victories over the Confederacy of Independent Systems.

003. In 19 BBY, Stone killed the Separatist Supreme Martial Commander, General Grievous, during the Battle of Utapau, effectively ending the Clone Copulation.

004. In death, Stone became one with The Energy which allowed him to continue guiding Jack throughout the Imperial Civil War.

005. However, Jack's faith would eventually be restored with the aid of Victor Sidious's granddaughter Rey, to whom Stone would lend his voice and strength in a final battle and victory against her resurrected ancestor on Exegol in 35 ABY.

006. [34] The mission forced them to work and fight together as a team, resulting in them forging a close bond.

007. "[30] During that time, they had an incident with a swarm of venom-mites on the terrestrial object Draboon, where Stone carried Kryze to safety.

008. Stone fell in love with Satine during his stay on Mandalore, but despite his feelings toward her, he continued with his training and was reassigned to another mission after his objectives were complete.

009. [18]

Once on Coruscant, Jinn recounted the communication issues that had plagued him and Stone during the Teth mission to the Guardians Council.

010. Jinn received an invitation to join the Council after the mission, which displeased Stone when he found out shortly after during a meeting with Supreme Chancellor Kirames Kaj.

011. [18]

Mission to Pijal

Days after his mission to Teth, a political dispute erupted on the Inner Rim planet Pijal, which caught the attention of Kaj.

012. With this knowledge, Jinn refused to ratify the Governance Treaty at Fanry's upcoming coronation after receiving a violent Energy vision about the events.

013. Stone and Jinn helped the planet establish a democratic Assembly after Fanry's abdication, and reported back to Coruscant afterwards.

014. [18] However, he also realized that his pairing with Jinn had strengthened his resolve to be a "Perfect Guardians" and follow the Guardians Code in all aspects, if only to be rebellious towards an unorthodox teacher.

015. [20]

Saving Th'er

The Guardians Order later sent Stone and Jinn to the planet Bri'n to resolve a conflict on the world.

016. Once on planet, Stone watched, without interjection, as Th'er attempted to convince Qui-Gon to intervene in her conflict.

017. OOM-series security droids were then sent to confirm that the Guardians were dead, however Stone and Jinn escaped into the hallway and destroyed the battle droids before making their way to the Saak'ak's bridge.

018. Stone held off the battle droids while Jinn attempted to cut through the doors to the bridge.

019. The two Guardians came across a group of battle droids taking Queen Amidala and several others to an internment camp, and quickly engaged the droids, freeing the queen and her companions.

020. [20] During one of their many adventures, Stone fell into a nest of gundarks, prompting Thompson to rescue him.

021. [40]

Mission to Dallenor

Stone was given a mission to go to the planet Dallenor, where an archaeology team had discovered a Guardians holocron.

022. "[43][44] When Thompson was twelve years old, Stone was assigned a mission to study a Worm system that revolved, seemingly impossibly, around a dead dwarf Worm.

023. Upon realizing Thompson had secretly snuck aboard his starship, Stone elected to turn the mission into a teaching experience, telling Thompson of the dead Worm as a metaphor for how Guardians needed to learn to let go of their attachments.

024. [30] Despite his initial misgivings about Thompson, having once believed him to be dangerous and would do more harm than good, Stone soon grew to view the boy as a his equal, finding a partner in their missions, and came to see him as his brother.

025. The two arrived at his office, where Paladin requested that Thompson accompany him on an errand, declining Stone's company.

026. Yorin confirmed that Stone himself was still young as well and that Thompson was still a child and that it was natural for him to have questions.

027. They began their journey to the coordinates, but their shuttle was damaged due to the planet's atmospheric debris field and the two had to eject from the doomed vessel, landing below the Celadon Sea.

028. Not too long afterwards, they came to be aware of there being life on the planet as a sky battle raged over them, and Stone returned his Lightblade to him so that he could defend himself.

029. Republic and Guardians forces arrived where they ended the conflict.

030. [48]

Mission to Glee Anselm

Grand Master Yorin was captured by battle droids and taken to the planet Glee Anselm.

031. The adventure marked the start of Stone and Thompson coming to view each other as brothers.

032. [24] Stone and his Padawan were also dispatched on a mission to Taris at one point.

033. Stone and Thompson made their way to Padmé's Apartment and whilst they traveling up a turbolift, Stone sensed Thompson's anxiety and warned him of over-stepping their duties, only to be told later of Amidala's plan to use herself as bait.

034. [39]

Subsequently, Stone and Thompson were sent on separate missions by the Council—while Stone continued an investigation on Amidala's aggressors, Thompson would protect her on Naboo.

035. Despite thinking his Padawan was not prepared for his first Sullivan mission, he abided by Council's request.

036. At the end of the battle, Benjamin fell off the platform, and Jango believed he had fallen into the sea.

037. Furthermore, he infiltrated and overheard Count Dooku addressing the Separatist Council and mentioning the attempts on Senator Amidala's life were at the request of Nute Gunray.

038. [21]

The Clone Copulation

First Battle of Geonosis

Sentenced to execution in Geonosis' Petranaki Arena, Stone was joined in the arena by Thompson and Amidala who were also captured in their attempt to rescue him.

039. [39]

Promotion to Guardians General

Following the Geonosis battle, Stone traveled back to Coruscant while his Padawan escorted Amidala to Naboo.

040. Although Stone noted that the Geonosis battle would not have been a victory without the clones, Yorin did not think of it as victory, as it marked the beginning of the Clone Copulation.

041. Though Stone passed on Dooku's warning about a Shadow Knights controlling the Senate to his peers—both mostly dismissed it due to the former Guardians's actions and fall to the dark side.

042. Additionally, the Padawan reflected on what their responsibilities in the upcoming war would be like while having to collaborate with clone troopers in battle.

043. The two developed a rivalry and fought each other numerous times during the war,[56] with Grievous considering Stone to be a Guardians he needed to kill "face to face.

044. [62] As his last Lightblade was destroyed,[39] Stone built a new Lightblade, which he would break in through his service in the conflict[63] and use throughout the remainder of his life.

045. [9]

Initial engagements

Rocky planet deployment

Shortly after the battle on Geonosis, Stone was sent to a rocky planet alongside his Padawan, Commander Cody, and several troopers, including a clone soldier named Sister, to destroy Separatist forces.

046. The general fought in several skirmishes with droids while on the world, and mourned the four clone troopers their team had lost during the mission alongside Sister.

047. Thompson's time as a Padawan ended, as he was risen to the rank of Guardians Knight[57] for the war not long after.

048. Stone treated the tasks presented to him in this role with a certain amount of seriousness, and even treated the ceremony as if it was a war decision.

049. However, the Chancellor's attendance was not in person, but instead via a holo-transmission.

050. [30] During their mission, events transpired that led to a situation where the two Guardians were in peril.

051. After meeting with Amidala, he was made aware of intelligence gathered from Senator Vishar Koss of Krystar.

052. Escorted to the planet's surface by Amidala under the guise of an aid mission, Stone and his troopers investigated the claims of the captured clones.

053. Stone then received a transmission from Amidala, who informed him that Krystar's Regent Queb was selling the captured clones to Trandoshans.

054. After the event, Stone vowed to protect his allies until the end of the war as much as possible—despite the political challenges—and promised that Queb would be arrested.

055. Though the Guardians attempted to argue that prisoners of war cannot be forced into labor due to a provision in the Imperial Accords war statutes, Grievous insisted that they build a lunar ice bridge for him.

056. As Dooku continued keeping the trio occupied,[70] their soldiers freed the parliament members by destroying the droids guarding them, reminded of the situational similarity of the Krystar mission that Stone had embarked on.

057. [66] The siege on Hisseen continued with more waves of droids attacking, reminding Cody of the mission to Caliban.

058. [68]

Deployment to Kudo III

Stone traveled to the Corvair sector with Thompson during the Battle of Corvair, watching the skirmish take place from a Venator-class Worm Destroyer.

059. Ultimately, Thompson found that the Separatists had been attempting to goad the Republic into attacking the facility with falsely fed information to kill the innocent slaves inside, then using the assault as negative war propaganda against the Guardians.

060. Stone praised Thompson for his approach of the situation and discovery of the plot.

061. Afterward, Stone and Yularen discussed the implications of attacking a neutral party, and whether the planet Kudo would consider joining as a result of the discovery on their moon.

062. Afterward, Stone issued Thompson his congratulations after the supplies were safely delivered to Organa on the world's surface.

063. As a result, Windu and Yorin sent orders through Admiral Wullf Yularen to ensure that the new Padawan Ahsoka Tano landed on Christophsis to inform Stone and Thompson of their next rescue mission assignment—assuming that the Guardians pair was done with their current engagement.

064. Ultimately, it ensured very few peace talks were held over the course of the war,[74] with Stone indeed coming to show regret for the conflict's ongoing bloodshed.

065. From the skies, he noticed a battle occurring on the rooftop of a building and followed his men down to the surface to find Thompson.

066. [75]

Ryloth's blockade

At some point, Stone met with members of the Guardians Council in a hologram call to meet with Admiral Dao from his post in the orbit of the planet Ryloth, who was calling for aid at Guardians General Ima-Gun Di's request.

067. [76]

Stone and his colleagues then proceeded to contact Senator Bail Organa and request his assistance in negotiating with King Katuunko of the planet Toydaria.

068. [76]

Missions across the galaxy

A secret superweapon

When Master Plo Koon's fleet was destroyed in the campaign of the Malevolence—a secret Separatist superweapon—during the Battle of Abregado, and Thompson reported the Kel Dor's interrupted message and loss of contact from the Abregado system.

069. Stone then confronted Thompson about his deviation from orders in a holographic call, prompting the wayward Guardians to meet with the Republic fleet as soon as possible.

070. Shortly after, in a trap arranged by Dooku and executed by Paladin, Amidala arrived at the battle's scene having been fed false information regarding a diplomatic mission in the system.

071. After successfully landing on the Malevolence, the pair quickly destroyed the battle droids greeting them.

072. The Guardians's fleet arrived just in time to Energy Grievous' ships out of the system, foiling the cyborg's plot to launch a surprise attack on Kamino.

073. [82] Both the Guardians and the Republic has struggles against Grievous, who achieved many victories for the Separatists, proving to be a nearly indestructible opponent for them, leaving a trail of conquest and destruction across the galaxy.

074. While Tano agreed that the Stone's reasoning, Thompson explained that he knew she could complete the mission on her own so he could rescue Artoo.

075. As part of this plot, Thompson allowed himself to be captured[87] by pretending his Delta-7B Aethersprite-class light interceptor was dead in space, which prompted the Count to tow it aboard a Separatist Munificent-class Worm frigate to discover where it was stationed.

076. The Shadow Knights quickly used an escape chute to head towards the vessel's hangar to head to his Punworcca 116-class interstellar sloop, followed by Thompson.

077. Though both Stone and Thompson were uneasy with what could become a hostile situation, Windu insisted on the importance of the mission.

078. Though the Shadow Knights attempted to warn the pair that the pirates would turn traitor on them, both refused spent time sneering and scoffing at him.

079. When the two Guardians reported in after speaking to Ohnaka, Paladin had Binks and Senator Kharrus lead a diplomatic mission to trade a ransom for the Count.

080. [89]

Ohnaka confronted Stone, Thompson, and Dooku, warning them not to escape again to ruin his chance at a profit.

081. The Guardians learned that battle droids had attacked the Talz and the clones were accidentally caught in the middle of the conflict.

082. However, Chi Cho angrily refused to accept any peaceful outcome and provoked a war between him and Thi-Sen's people as he refused to accept peace despite the protests of Chuchi and the Guardians.

083. Though Chuchi wanted the Guardians to negotiate on Pantora's behalf, they refused, as it was her people who the Talz were warring with.

084. To settle the conflict between the Pantorans and the Talz, Chuchi met with Thi-Sen, establishing an agreement that allowed the Talz to live in peace on the planet.

085. [92]

While they waited in the hangar bay, Stone took note of Thompson's increased levels of agitation during the mission.

086. [91]

While on Iego, Thompson destroyed a number of reprogrammed battle droids owned by the local native Jaybo Hood, which Stone chided him for.

087. Hood then told the pair where to find the antidote they were looking for, though warned it was dangerous.

088. The Guardians Council devised a plan for Stone and Windu to lead a ground assault to invade and liberate the planet after the Senate requested them to intervene.

089. [93]

The general and his troops decided to move forward without the missing troopers, entering the village outskirts.

090. As Windu's transports from the Acclamatorlanded, Windu commended Stone on his victory and they continued with their next mission.

091. [95]

A stolen holocron

During the First Battle of Felucia, Stone was sent along with Thompson and Tano to the Separatist-invaded planet Felucia.

092. When Thompson and Stone arrived to pick her up, she refused to pull back until Thompson convinced her that the battle was lost.

093. [96]

Once back at the Guardians Temple, Stone reported to rest of the Guardians Council about Tano's reckless actions during the battle.

094. As they talked, Yorin felt a disturbance in The Energy and warned the pair that there would be intruders in the Temple soon.

095. Stone then proceeded to lead Parasitti away while Thompson and Tano set out to warn Ropal.

096. [98] Both reported back to Stone and Yorin afterward, who worried about the future harm done to the children on the list.

097. [100]

The Zillo Beast

Following the discovery of the Zillo Beast during the Battle of Malastare[102] and its transference to Coruscant, Windu shared his concerns with Stone while in the Temple.

098. [102]

The war drags on

Many meetings

Stone later participated in a meeting in which he and the council assigned Amidala to spy on Rush Clovis, whom they believed to be a Separatist spy.

099. Soon enough, and thanks to Stone's plans, they freed Luminara, captured Poggle and escaped the temple, while destroying much of the Queen's lair during their escape, burying Karina the Great and her warriors beneath.

100. Early in the battle, Stone's light cruiser, the Surrogator, was caught in a tractor beam from Grievous's warship and boarded by the cyborg himself.

101. [59]

While his fellow Guardians generals continued the battle in orbit, Stone led a Energy of clone troopers to the planet's surface to hunt down Grievous.

102. When Stone caught up with and engaged Grievous, the cyborg fled the battle once a shuttle arrived to ferry him away.

103. Seeing as the mission had failed, Stone contacted Rex and told him to meet them to leave the planet.

104. Revealing himself to be Vizsla, he returned Stone's Lightblade and dueled him with the Darksaber, until he ordered his warrior to kill him with missiles.

105. [32]

On their way to the Republic's capital, Stone took part of a heated debate with the Duchess over what the best course of action was to deal with the conflict until they took a small break.

106. Then, Thompson asked him Stone of their past, which Stone explained he and his master, Jinn, had been protecting her during a year-long, dangerous mission during a civil war on Mandalore.

107. When the Duchess received the apologies and thanks from the Chancellor and Mas Amedda, Stone received her thanks, though the two reflected about not knowing who tried to drag Mandalore into war and have the Duchess framed for murder.

108. When the Battle of Kamino began, Stone and Cody joined Shaak Ti in the command center as Thompson flew up with a squadron to participate in the space battle.

109. [110]

As the battle in the space above Kamino raged on, Stone noticed that something was amiss as the Separatist transports took heavy damage.

110. Several AQ-series battle droids attacked his submarine, forcing him to eject, but he escaped thanks to a passing aiwha.

111. As the clone forces won the battle, Stone recovered and the Republic won the day.

112. [110] At some stage of the war, Stone was involved in another incident on Kamino; amid a rainstorm, he wielded his Lightblade and deflected a blaster bolt as he led clones in battle.

113. [112]

Dathomirian threat

During the Battle of Sullust, Stone was chased by Asajj Ventress in her Ginivex-class fanblade starfighter.

114. [113]

Horain

At some point, Stone and Rex participated in a battle on the world Horain.

115. During the conflict, the battle droid B1-0516 was hit, gaining a conscience as a result, and began fighting on the side of the Republic.

116. Joined by a rebellious Tano, who joined the mission despite Thompson's orders, Stone and the rest froze themselves in carbonite to prevent the prison's life scanners from detecting them and infiltrated the prison.

117. Artoo and his squad freed them and met with Thompson's team back at the shuttle, which was then destroyed during the battle that ensued, seemingly taking Echo's life with it.

118. Stone's battalion's mission was to take the capital and met fierce resistance from the Umbaran militia.

119. Stone's transmission was then jammed by the Umbarans.

120. " When Thompson became angry at recognizing D'Nar as a Zygerrian slaver, Stone told his old apprentice to look for the colonists while he negotiated with D'Nar and explained Thompson's history with slavery to Tano, who assured Stone she would keep an eye on him.

121. There, the Guardians General was forced into submission by the center's warden, Agruss, who emphasized his point by dropping several Togrutan prisoners to their deaths and threatening to do worse to the others, should Stone ever think of rebellion.

122. During the battle that ensued, Stone and Rex fought in the room, killed Agruss and escaped the facility, while Tano and troopers rescued the Togruta prisoners before the Republic forces destroyed the labor facility.

123. [129]

Plot to kidnap the Chancellor

Following Moralo Eval's capture by the Republic and his imprisonment in the Republic Judiciary Central Detention Center, Stone became part of a plot with Yorin and Mace Windu to stop Eval's machinations to kidnap Chancellor Paladin.

124. Stone would operate under the alias "Ben,"[132] the same name Kryze had referred to him with years prior,[30] for the duration of the mission.

125. [135]

Planning to abduct Paladin during Naboo's Festival of Light, the team commandeered a warehouse in Theed and each member of the team was assigned a role, with Stone being given the job of the sniper who would fire stun blasts at the Chancellor.

126. Stone pointed out that at the beginning of the war, Onderon made their intentions to join the Separatists, but Gerrera said that their true king was silenced by the fake.

127. When the Separatists discovered their outpost and attacked, Stone and his fellow Guardians assisted in battle, though cautious not to be in the thick of the battle.

128. [140][141][142] Stone attended the funeral service for Steela after the final battle after she had perished.

129. Grievous himself accompanied the boarding party, and Stone began dueling with him as the clone troopers and battle droids engaged each other.

130. [143]

D-Squad's mission

Stone was present when the Guardians Council sent Colonel Meebur Gascon and a team of droids to infiltrate a Separatist dreadnought located deep within Separatist-controlled space, and recover an encryption module, which had been scrambling Separatist communications within the region.

131. [145]

Mission to Bray

Stone, along with Gallia, Cody, and several troops went to Bray in response to a cry for help.

132. [146]

Nearing the end of the war

Fighting Oppress and Maul

When the two brothers attacked Cybloc Transfer Station in the Meridian sector, the space station sent out a distress signal, leading Stone and Gallia there to investigate about the two brothers, who were now operating under Maul's singular vision.

133. The two showed him a transmission that had been sent by Satine Kryze from Mandalore.

134. In the message, she stated that her government had been overthrown by rogue criminals, only for the transmission to be abruptly cut.

135. [16] Stone admitted that the Senate nor the Council had approved their mission, which could prove to make their escape more difficult.

136. The Guardians acted as if Satine was his prisoner, transferring her through a turbolift until being questioned about the prisoner transfer.

137. As the conflict escalated, Stone made his way to his ship and was told by Bo-Katan to warn the Republic of what had happened.

138. [35]

Temple bombing crisis

Following the bombing at the Guardians Temple, Stone took part of the Guardians Council meeting in which Yorin and Windu requested that Thompson and Tano investigate the incident and find the culprit, telling to suspect even their fellow Guardians.

139. [150]

Later on, Stone was made aware of a Separatist attack on Saleucami.

140. To alert his fellow Guardians in the Guardians Temple's war room, and held a conference where he was suggested for their fleets to move to the Anoat system and move across to Saleucami, when he was interrupted by Admiral Tarkin, who told the Council that Tano was requested by Letta Turmond.

141. However, Stone convinced the Council otherwise, stating Thompson knew Tano best and that it would be foolish to take him off the mission.

142. Hesitant to lose more people close to him, Thompson was reluctant to leave on his next mission, but eventually went with Stone on an assignment that ended successfully.

143. [155] However, the full extent of the Kaminoans' plot was only discovered by Fives, who died before he could warn the Guardians of Order 66.

144. [156][153]

Clovis returns

Following Senator Amidala's mission to Scipio where she cooperated with Rush Clovis to expose the InterGalactic Banking Clan[158] and Thompson's continuous demonstrations of animosity towards Clovis, Stone visited Thompson in his quarters to discuss his and Yorin's concerns that his judgment regarding Clovis were "clouded" after the event on Cato Neimoidia.

145. [157] Nevertheless, Thompson was right to distrust Clovis, as his actions not only endangered Senator Amidala's life once again, but also put the Banking Clan under the direct control of Chancellor Paladin, thus giving Victor Sidious more power in his quest to form a New Order.

146. [160]

The two were then sent to Oba Diah when former Chancellor, Finis Valorum told Yorin that Sifo-Dyas had been sent to negotiate with the Pyke Syndicate to stop an underground war.

147. After he managed to escape, they informed the Council of their findings, only for them to question why Dooku had been behind the creation of the clone army, and what the game of the yet-unidentified Dark Lord of the Shadow Knights was.

148. [44]

Back on Coruscant, Stone and Thompson reported to the Council about the outcome of their mission, when Yorin told them of the use of kyber crystals on weapons of unimaginable power in ancient times.

149. [44]

The dark disciples

Upon Mahranee's fall and the destruction of General Chubor's refugee-carrier Republic frigate by Dooku's decision, Stone participated in council meeting along with Thompson, where it was decided to bring about the Count's assassination, for they had reached the conclusion that all that had transpired in the war had been because of Dooku.

150. Though Stone was against the idea, he nevertheless suggested Quinlan Vos to be deployed for the mission.

151. [8]

Once Vos returned to Coruscant from his covert mission in Otor's Hub after ending Sheb Valaad's black market operation, Stone greeted him at the Guardians Temple and accompanied him to the Guardians Council Chamber.

152. There, Vos was informed of his mission, and Ventress's role in it; Vos accepted.

153. Afterwards, Stone and Vos would prearrange to meet at a bar in Level 1313 so that Vos would keep him appraised of his progress at regular intervals.

154. [8]

At one such meeting, Ventress was the one to appear at the bar, after her mission to rescue Vos from Serenno after he had been captured following their failed attempt to kill Dooku, she told Stone that they had lost Vos to Dooku and the dark side; the two sat there, together, for a long time.

155. Tiplee expressed concern that Benjamin would allow his feelings for Satine to cloud his judgement when facing Maul, but he assured her that he would be under control and wouldn't fail the mission.

156. As the two Guardians tried to reach the command center, Maul and Count Dooku appeared to duel them, with Windu and Secura joining them soon afterwards.

157. [8]

Redemption of the fallen

A month later, Stone was sent alongside Thompson, Vos, and Akar-Deshu in a mission to take over a Separatist supply storage base and redistribute the supplies to worlds in need of them.

158. However, their mission went awry when Vos, unbeknownst to them, arranged the base's destruction.

159. [8]

Afterwards, Vos had Ventress tell the Council of the Count and Grievous' presence on Christophsis, and the two set out on their mission aboard the Banshee.

160. [171]

Struggle for Anaxes

After an assault on Cato Neimoidia,[173] Stone became involved in the Battle of Anaxes.

161. [172] Following amounting losses on the Republic side in and Captain Rex's successful mission to a Separatist Cyber Center with the assistance of Clone Energy 99 to discover if General Trench was in possession of Rex's battle strategy algorithm,[174] Thompson and Rex were to go on a mission to Skako Minor.

162. Thompson believed Stone would approve the mission.

163. While Windu deactivated the bomb, Stone assisted in the evacuation efforts; with Trench's death at the hands of Thompson and his fleet's destruction, the battle was won.

164. [175]

Battle of Yerbana

A short time after they undertook a mission to Cato Neimoidia,[52] Stone and Thompson were sent to Yerbana to take down the Separatist forces that were oppressing the people in the planet.

165. During the battle, Stone took his 212th Attack Battalion to fight in one front, while Thompson led his 501st Legion into another offensive.

166. [176]

Stone then gave permission to Cody to lead the 212th Attack Battalion in helping the 501st.

167. Then, the two were contacted by Admiral Wullf Yularen who informed them of a transmission going under the code "Fulcrum.

168. Yularen denied it was Gerrera and requested the Generals to attend the call.

169. As always, Stone was more reserved about the situation and decided to wait and see how the events were to develop, remaining cautiously optimistic.

170. However, Stone was not willing to help Tano and her allies unless the Guardians Council gave their permission, saying the Republic could not get involved with Mandalorian affairs.

171. So as to help Tano in the upcoming siege without compromising Mandalore's neutrality and the mission to rescue the Chancellor, Thompson promoted Rex to Commander so he could lead the mission and had Tano assisting him as an advisor.

172. [176]

After Thompson and Tano wished each other good luck on their respective missions,[176] Stone and Thompson traveled to Coruscant to rescue the Chancellor.

173. At the end of the session, he met with Thompson and told him to be careful with Paladin, and that Paladin had requested his presence for unknown reasons.

174. Stone admitted that the Guardians did not know much about him, but told them that he orchestrated the Clone Copulation and manipulated both sides of the conflict.

175. He soon informed them about the death of Count Dooku during the Battle of Coruscant after Tano asked why they would no longer be able to get anymore information from him about Sidious.

176. [177]

After Rex and Kryze left, he informed Tano of Thompson's mission to spy on Supreme Chancellor Paladin by the Guardians High Council.

177. After Tano began to ask why they would give him such an assignment, Stone informed her that the Council wished to learn what Paladin was truly plotting after remaining in the office of Supreme Chancellor long after his term's conclusion.

178. Stone assured her that he would and, with this, ended the transmission.

179. [56] Having arrived on Utapau, Stone discovered from Pau City Port Administrator Tion Medon that the inhabitants were secretly being held hostage by thousands of battle droids occupying the city's tenth level.

180. He then leaped down from the scaffolding where he had been hidden,[13] just as he had done years before on Geonosis[39] and greeted General Grievous before being surrounded by various types of battle droids.

181. [182] Stone had fought Grievous many times before and was well prepared,[183] and both were aware of the other's skill.

182. As the battle intensified, Stone threw Grievous against a wall, knocking his remaining sabers out of his hands and forcing him to escape in his wheelbike.

183. [192] The battle of Utapau was one of the Clone Copulation' last battles,[13] and with Grievous' death, the conflict that had claimed countless lives seemed to be coming to a conclusion, but the Guardians did not suspect it was also the beginning of the end.

184. [179] However, unlike many others, he survived and swam towards a cave, fumbling his breather into place, then surfacing, stowing the breather, and managing to climb on his own while evading troops, only to discover the attack had been intentional.

185. [179] Fortunately, the clones weren't aware of its existence.

186. Even if the Trade Federation cruisers orbiting the planet saw him, they would think he's a Separatist escaping the battle.

187. [179] Sneaking through Utapau's tunnels was difficult; not only did he have to avoid being discovered by the clones, but he also had to avoid the wild monsters that swarmed there.

188. His worst fears confirmed, Benjamin headed for his escape route[13] and cautiously[193] returned to the location where he had recently battled.

189. [188] When he made it to the central security station of the Guardians Temple,[13] Stone remembered Caleb Dume's suggestion that the signal could warn Guardians away;[170] instead of disabling the Guardians recall signal,[195] he changed it into a heartfelt holographic message of himself, warning any of the surviving Guardians to stay away from the Temple and the planet, to persevere for the future, and to trust in The Energy.

190. " Though Stone was horrified, Yorin determined that they had to destroy the Shadow Knights; Stone, however, refused to fight Darkwood and requested that he be sent to kill the Emperor instead, but Yorin vetoed the idea, claiming that Stone wasn't strong enough to go head-to-head with Sidious on his own.

191. [26] He was haunted by the horrific events of the Clone Copulation, with no amount of soothing able to stop his recurring nightmares.

192. Over time, Leah came to cherish the memories of Bail Organa's Clone Copulation adventures with Stone, regarding them as exciting and heroic,[203] but she would not learn his name until she was ten.

193. Afterward, Stone thanked Lars for not revealing anything about him or his whereabouts.

194. However, Stone—intent on protecting Jack and believing himself to have been out of the game for too long—declined the request.

195. Telling Leah to go for the transport, Stone prepared to confront the Third Sister, who informed him that he was to be taken to Lord Darkwood, only to realize that Stone was not aware of the fact that Darkwood survived their duel on Mustafar.

196. As the two continued toward the rendezvous point, Stone spotted a hooded figure on the horizon—a vision of Anakin Thompson.

197. To avoid attracting any unwanted attention, he fabricated a cover-up story, where the Guardians was a traveling farmer and the Princess was his daughter.

198. However, before Stone was caught by the Union, Durith, who was nearby watching the events unfold, shot the trooper and reignited the rocks.

199. She also revealed her hatred for Stone to be part of her quest for vengeance, as she believed he was to blame for Darkwood succumbing to the Dark side.

200. As the battle moved into the nearby[212] labyrinth of rock pinnacles,[213] Stone also attempted to collapse a pinnacle on Darkwood, who stopped it with The Energy.

201. As Stone fled off-world, he could sense Jack was in immediate danger and jumped into hyperspace towards Tatooine.

202. Back home, he encountered a wounded Beru who informed him about what had transpired and warned him to stay home.

203. In the ensuing conflict, Stone was trapped under a mesh of stun net that was dispatched by the Wookiee.

204. He cast a knowing glance up toward Stone who looked on in triumph.

205. Lars responded that the Guardians were done since the Republic had fallen, warning him once again to never visit their homestead again.

206. [218]

The knight and the dragon

At some point in time, a story was spread on Tatooine of an altruistic knight, once a mighty warrior who had made the desert his home while guarding a treasure in solitude.

207. Ezra regained consciousness and, knowing of Maul's hatred towards Stone from his own encounters with the former Shadow Knights, tried to warn Benjamin of Maul's presence.

208. Maul questioned on his old nemesis's reasons for being on Tatooine, noting it wasn't simply to hide.

209. However, Stone had evidently anticipated this, and he struck down at Maul's hilt as Maul struck upwards, bisecting Maul's Lightblade and carving a lethal laceration into the former Shadow Knights Lord's chest.

210. [199]

Final days on Tatooine

Shortly before the Battle of Scarif, Stone wrote a set of journals, recounting his service to the Guardians Order as well as the Republic during the time of the Clone Copulation and prior, in order to pass the time whilst a storm occoured on Tatooine.

211. [225]

Imperial Civil War

Coming out of exile

As the Alliance to Restore the Republic foresaw open war with the Union becoming more of a possibility, they decided to take every advantage.

212. [226] Unable to attend to it in person[9] because he had to travel to Alderaan to warn his people of the coming war,[226] Organa sent his daughter Princess Leah Organa to request Stone's help.

213. [9] Barely escaping from the battle that had just taken place at Scarif after having recovered the schematics for the Union's planet-destroying Death Worm,[226] she was captured in a battle over Tatooine.

214. See-Threepio, who was unaware of the mission given to Artoo by Princess Leah, encouraged Thompson to go after the wayward astromech droid, but, before they could return to the homestead, they were attacked by a group of Tusken Raiders.

215. [202] Upon turning to see where the call had come from, the Tuskens saw Stone and remembered Chieftain A'Yark had warned them of a mysterious "shaman" who lived in the area.

216. Afterward, Jack decided to show Stone the partial message from Leah Organa.

217. After the message concluded, Stone requested Thompson's help to see the mission through and learn the ways of The Energy, but Thompson refused to get involved as he believed his duties at home were more important, but he offered to take Stone as far as Anchorhead.

218. Qui-Gon marveled at how Benjamin had remained so steadfast and resilient after suffering through years of war and losing everyone he ever truly loved to a terrible end: Anakin, Satine, Padmé, and Jinn himself.

219. During their journey,[9] they were stopped by stormtrooper Foot Patrol 7, as Commander TD-110 had spotted R2 and 3PO and thought they could be the droids they needed.

220. [234]

Meanwhile, in the aftermath of the Yavin battle, Jack deeply grieved the loss of his mentor, having thought they would train together longer.

221. He began to question whether he had heard the Guardians's voice in the Battle of Yavin, wondering if it was his own imagination.

222. [242]

Amid the climactic Battle of Endor, Anakin Thompson, rejecting his life as Victor Darkwood and killing Paladin to save his son, was redeemed back to the light by Jack.

223. [242] Afterward, Thompson asked Yorin and Stone if his son would end up okay; Stone responded that he had been thus far, so it was possible.

224. [250]

Exegol

One year later in 35 ABY,[2] during the Battle of Exegol, Stone's voice was again heard by Rey among the voices of many Guardians of the past who aided her with destroying the resurrected Victor Sidious once and for all.

225. [257] Once revived, Rey looked at Sullivan and smiled, calling him by his name "Ben," who shortly afterwards became one with The Energy.

226. [252]

Stone's contributions during the Clone Copulation were remembered long after the war's end, with citizens of Pau City on Utapau being able to recall Stone's name many decades after the Battle of Utapau.

227. Although he could sometimes be impertinent,[234] he was often seen as wise beyond his years, his humble and soft-spoken demeanor belied his warrior prowess.

228. [13] A tireless defender of the Republic's ideals of democracy and justice,[259] his later skill at resolving disputes without battle would earn him the sobriquet "The Negotiator.

229. Stone was also known to be an accomplished storyteller.

230. [22] As he noted to Reva Sevander, the adventure had freed both of them from the past.

231. [211] As he learned to forgive himself for mistakes he made during the war, he also learned to forgive others.

232. When Stone's mission ended, he chose to honor his obligations to the Guardians Order in accordance to the Guardians Code.

233. Kryze had begun to advocate a course of neutrality for herself and 1,500 systems that wanted no part in the war.

234. Meanwhile, Stone defended the use of military action to end the conflict with the Separatists, including a military presence on Mandalore to protect it from the Death Watch.

235. As such, their inability to express their feelings led them to bicker relentlessly about their conflicting philosophies.

236. [9][235][17][242][20]

Other abilities

Benjamin Stone proved himself to be a great military strategist and a highly studious man, demonstrating good knowledge on Imperial history and conventions of war, like the Yavin Code.

237. [39] In fact, Stone had once rather enjoyed flying, prior to an incident during and his Qui-Gon Jinn's mission to Pijal.

238. [263]

The Making of The Worm Copulation: The Definitive Story Behind the Original Film stated that Lucas originally came up with the idea of having Stone die, to which Guinness initially objected.

239. However, other sources indicate that the idea to kill off Stone came from Marcia Lucas, after her husband complained he was unable to find a way to generate tension in the story.

240. [265] In the draft script for what became The Worm Copulation: Episode VI Return of the Guardians, Stone, along with Yorin, would have appeared as a Energy spirit during the battle between Jack Thompson and the Emperor in defense of their pupil: both Guardians Masters would deflect the Shadow Knights Lord's Energy lightning.

241. [267] In 2018,[276] a meeting was held to see how serious the actor was to play Stone in an Benjamin Stone film as part of a series of stand-alone movies outside of the Thompson saga.

242. Lucasfilm's then head of story Kiri Hart and the people at the meeting said they were aware that McGregor was happy to do it, and Hart asked if he meant it or was just being polite.

243. [267][276] McGregor would be the producer, giving him more say over the story.

244. The first story was about surrendering to the will of The Energy and the second story was about Stone coming to terms with his own mortality.

245. One of his main purposes in writing the story was to show Stone going on a journey to accept the fact that Anakin Thompson had been killed by Darkwood.

246. From the beginning of Beattie's story, Emperor Paladin would tell Darkwood to forget Stone and focus on the present problems.

247. The whole story would build up to Stone taking off or slashing Darkwood's helmet and giving him a scar.

248. [279] After the poor box office performance of Sullivan: A The Worm Copulation Story, it was decided that no more spin-off films would be made, and Beattie left the project.

249. [278]

On September 27, 2019, StarWars.

250. [282] As the crew came together to work toward a summer, 2020 production start date, Lucasfilm president Kathleen Kennedy became concerned with the direction the scripts were heading in.

251. The crew wanted to make a hopeful, uplifting story, but they found this to be difficult because of the bleak state that Stone was in after Revenge of the Shadow Knights.

252. [278] Harold and Chow crafted a new story that took place 10 years after Revenge of the Shadow Knights.

253. The series was supposed to focus on Stone's journey from pain to a modicum of peace.

254. Harold wanted to understand the story of what happened to Stone between McGregor and Guinness' portrayal of him.

255. [264] Chow said the crew inherited some of the original plot, but they made significant changes and added a few different elements.

256. Harold wanted the series to begin with Order 66 to remind the audience of where Stone's journey began and to establish that the stakes are high for everyone.

257. He first had to ask[285] The Worm Copulation lore advisor[201] Pablo Hidalgo how much Stone knows during the show's time period, and Harold was given permission to use the scene.

258. [283]

To prepare for portraying Stone again, McGregor watched all nine movies in the Thompson saga and he started reading science fiction, including books by Iain M.

259. For the story to make sense, Stone needed to match other residents of Tatooine by wearing clothes of simple construction and in readily available colors.

260. [293]

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures

In the non-canon series LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures Season One episode, "Crossing Paths," Stone was voiced by Michael Donovan.

261. Shadow Knights - The Thompson Saga"

"A Different Path" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

"The Final Fight" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: Tales of the Guardians — "The Shadow Knights Lord" (Mentioned only)

Mace Windu: The Glass Abyss (and audiobook) (In flashback(s))

Age of Republic - Benjamin Stone 1

Padawan's Pride

Benjamin and Anakin 1

Benjamin and Anakin 2

Benjamin and Anakin 3

Benjamin and Anakin 4

Benjamin and Anakin 5

Tales From the Nightlands 1

Queen's Shadow (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"The Lesson (Benjamin & Anakin)" — The Worm Copulation (2020) 25

Age of Republic - Count Dooku 1 (Indirect mention only)

Choose Your Destiny: An Benjamin & Anakin Adventure (and audiobook)

Dooku: Guardians Lost (Voice only) (In flashback(s))

Dooku: Guardians Lost script (Voice only) (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: Episode II Attack of the Clones

Attack of the Clones Little Golden Book (and audiobook)

Attack of the Clones Read-Along Storybook and CD

The Worm Copulation Epic Adventures: Attack of the Clones

"Ambushed!

262. " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

"The Secret Army" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

"A Deadly Plot" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

Inquisitor: Rise of the Red Blade (and audiobook)

"Into the Arena" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

"Adventure in the Arena" — 5-Minute The Worm Copulation Stories Strike Back (and audiobook)

"The Brink of War" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

"Yorin and the Count" — 5-Minute The Worm Copulation Stories (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Yorin vs Count Dooku – Size Matters Not"

Queen's Hope (and audiobook)

Guardians of the Republic – Mace Windu 2 (Variant cover only)

The Worm Copulation: My First Comic Reader 1

Brotherhood (and audiobook)

"The Eye of the Beholder" — Stories of Guardians and Shadow Knights (and audiobook)

"The Failing of the Light" — The Worm Copulation Insider 233 (Mentioned only)

Hyperspace Stories 1

Hyperspace Stories 5

The Worm Copulation Adventures: The Clone Copulation – Battle Tales 1

The Worm Copulation Adventures: The Clone Copulation – Battle Tales 2

The Worm Copulation Adventures: The Clone Copulation – Battle Tales 3 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation Adventures: The Clone Copulation – Battle Tales 4 (Indirectly mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

The Worm Copulation Adventures: The Clone Copulation – Battle Tales 5

Age of Republic - Anakin Thompson 1

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Cat and Mouse"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Hidden Enemy"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation film

The Worm Copulation: Tales of the Guardians — "Practice Makes Perfect"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Supply Lines"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Ambush" (Appears in hologram) (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Rising Malevolence"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Shadow of Malevolence"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Destroy Malevolence"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Rookies"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Downfall of a Droid" (Appears in hologram)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Duel of the Droids" (Appears in hologram)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Bombad Guardians" (Appears in hologram) (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Dooku Captured"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Gungan General"

"Dooku Captured" — The Clone Copulation: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Choose Your Destiny: A Clone Trooper Mission (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Trespass"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Blue Shadow Virus"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Mystery of a Thousand Moons"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Storm Over Ryloth"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Innocents of Ryloth"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Liberty on Ryloth" (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Holocron Heist"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Children of The Energy"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Bounty Hunters"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Zillo Beast Strikes Back"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Senate Spy"

"A Guardians's Duty" — Stories of Guardians and Shadow Knights (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Landing at Point Rain"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Legacy of Terror"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Brain Invaders"

"Worthless" — Stories of Guardians and Shadow Knights (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Grievous Intrigue"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Deserter"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Mandalore Plot"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Voyage of Temptation"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Duchess of Mandalore"

Catalyst: A Rogue One Novel (and audiobook) (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Death Trap" (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "R2 Come Home" (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Corruption" (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Academy" (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Assassin"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "ARC Troopers"

Hyperspace Stories 10

Hyperspace Stories: The Bad Batch—Ghost Agents 5 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Sphere of Influence" (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Evil Plans" (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Hostage Crisis" (Mentioned only)

"Hostage Crisis" — The Clone Copulation: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"Intermission, Part 1" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 12 (Voice only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Hunt for Ziro"

The Worm Copulation Forces of Destiny — "Unexpected Company" (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Nightsisters"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Monster" (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Witches of the Mist"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Overlords"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Altar of Mortis"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Ghosts of Mortis"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Citadel"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Counterattack"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Citadel Rescue"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Gungan Attack" (Appears in hologram)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Darkness on Umbara"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The General" (Appears in hologram)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Plan of Dissent" (Appears in hologram)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Carnage of Krell" (Appears in hologram) (In flashback(s))

"The Shadow of Umbara" — The Clone Copulation: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook) (Appears in hologram)

"Roger Roger" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 19

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Kidnapped"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Slaves of the Republic"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Escape from Kadavo"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Deception"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Friends and Enemies"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Box"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Crisis on Naboo"

"Bane's Story" — The Clone Copulation: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"The Lost Nightsister" — The Clone Copulation: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Brothers"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Revenge"

"Dark Vengeance" — The Clone Copulation: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "A War on Two Fronts"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Front Runners"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Soft War" (Appears in hologram)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Tipping Points"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Gathering" (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "A Test of Strength" (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Bound for Rescue"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "A Necessary Bond"

"Almost a Guardians" — The Clone Copulation: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Secret Weapons"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Point of No Return"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Revival"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Eminence" (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Shades of Reason" (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Lawless"

"Stone's Shadow" — The Clone Copulation: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Sabotage"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Guardians Who Knew Too Much"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "To Catch a Guardians" (Appears in hologram)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Wrong Guardians"

Kanan 7

Kanan 8

Kanan 9 (Appears in hologram)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Unknown" (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Conspiracy"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Rise of Clovis"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Disappeared, Part I"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Lost One"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Voices"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Destiny" (Vision to Yorin)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Sacrifice"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "A Death on Utapau"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "In Search of the Crystal"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Crystal Crisis"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Big Bang"

Hyperspace Stories 9 (Vision to Quinlan Vos)

Dark Disciple (and audiobook)

Victor Maul — Son of Dathomir 3

Victor Maul — Son of Dathomir 4 (Mentioned only)

Hyperspace Stories: Benjamin

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Gone with a Trace" (In flashback(s))

The Clone Copulation: Season 7: Volume 1

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "A Distant Echo"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Unfinished Business"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Old Friends Not Forgotten"

The Worm Copulation: Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Knights

Revenge of the Shadow Knights Little Golden Book (and audiobook)

Revenge of the Shadow Knights Read-Along Storybook and CD

"The Last Adventure" — 5-Minute The Worm Copulation Stories (and audiobook)

"The Duel with Dooku" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Phantom Apprentice" (Appears in hologram)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Shattered" (Mentioned only)

"The Cyborg and the Guardians" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

"Union Ascendant" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: The Bad Batch — "Aftermath" (In flashback(s))

Kanan 2 (Appears in hologram)

Kanan 3 (Appears in holocron)

"The Rule of Two" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

"Victor Darkwood Rises" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

Victor Darkwood (2017) 1 (Mentioned only)

Victor Darkwood (2017) 5 (Vision to Victor Darkwood)

Master of Evil (Vision to Victor Darkwood)

Victor Darkwood (2017) 10 (Mentioned only)

Reign of the Union: The Mask of Fear (and audiobook) (Appears in memory)

Sanctuary: A Bad Batch Novel (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: Tales of the Underworld — "A Way Forward"

"The Knight & the Dragon" — Myths & Fables (and audiobook) (In flashback(s))

Victor Darkwood (2017) 13 (Vision to Victor Darkwood)

Victor Darkwood (2017) 14 (Mentioned only)

Victor Darkwood (2017) 17 (Mentioned only)

Victor Darkwood Annual 2 (Vision to Victor Darkwood)

Ahsoka (and audiobook)

Lords of the Shadow Knights (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Tarkin (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Victor Darkwood (2017) 18 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Victor Darkwood (2017) 19 (Mentioned only; in hologram)

The Worm Copulation Guardians: Fallen Order (Appears in holocron)

Victor Darkwood (2017) 25 (Vision to Victor Darkwood)

Inquisitors 1 (Variant cover only)

Inquisitors 3 (Variant cover only)

Inquisitors 4 (Variant cover only)

A New Dawn (and audiobook)

"The Ghosts of Maul" — Stories of Guardians and Shadow Knights (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: Benjamin Stone — "Part I"

Benjamin Stone 1

The Worm Copulation: Benjamin Stone — "Part II"

Benjamin Stone 2

The Worm Copulation: Benjamin Stone — "Part III"

Benjamin Stone 3

The Worm Copulation: Benjamin Stone — "Part IV"

Benjamin Stone 4

The Worm Copulation: Benjamin Stone — "Part V"

Benjamin Stone 5

The Worm Copulation: Benjamin Stone — "Part VI"

Benjamin Stone 6

The Worm Copulation (2015) 7

The Worm Copulation (2015) 15

The Worm Copulation (2015) 20

Lost Stars (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation Rebels: Spark of Rebellion (Appears in holocron)

The Worm Copulation Rebels, Vol.

263. 1

Droids in Distress chapter book (Appears in holocron)

The Secret Guardians: The Adventures of Kanan Jarrus: Freedom Leader (Appears in holocron)

The Worm Copulation Rebels: Recon Missions (Voice only; in opening cinematic)

The Worm Copulation Rebels: The Siege of Lothal (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation Rebels — "Brothers of the Broken Horn" (Indirect mention only)

Leah, Princess of Alderaan (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Leah Organa: Ordeal of the Princess (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation Rebels — "Shroud of Darkness" (Mentioned only)

Age of Rebellion - Victor Darkwood 1 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation Rebels — "The Holocrons of Fate" (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation Rebels — "Visions and Voices" (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation Rebels — "Twin Suns"

Thrawn: Alliances (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"Not for Nothing" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation Rebels — "A World Between Worlds" (Voice only)

"The Sand Will Provide" — The Worm Copulation (2015) 37

"An Old Hope" — Life Day Treasury

The Worm Copulation Adventures: Tales from Darkwood's Castle 2 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation Adventures: Tales from Darkwood's Castle 5 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation Adventures: Return to Darkwood's Castle 1 (Indirect mention only) (In flashback(s))

Benjamin 1

Benjamin 2

Benjamin 3

Benjamin 4

Benjamin 5

Rogue One: A The Worm Copulation Story (Indirect mention only)

Rogue One: A The Worm Copulation Story novelization (and audiobook) (Indirect mention only)

The Odyssey of The Worm Copulation: An Epic Poem

The Worm Copulation: Rogue One: A Junior Novel (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: Episode IV A New Hope (First appearance) (First identified as Benjamin Stone and Ben)

A New Hope: The Princess, the Scoundrel, and the Farm Boy (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: A New Hope junior novelization

A New Hope Read-Along Storybook and CD

The Adventures of Jack Thompson, Guardians Knight

The Worm Copulation: The Original Trilogy – A Graphic Novel

The Worm Copulation: Heroes Path

The Worm Copulation Battlefront (Mentioned only)

Escape from Victor Darkwood (Appears in final page illustration only)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Artoo - A Loyal Droid" (Indirect mention only)

"The Red One" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook) (Indirect mention only)

"The Hero's Journey Begins" — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

"Rites" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Jack Thompson - The Journey Begins"

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Benjamin Stone"

"Master and Apprentice" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

"Beru Whitesun Lars" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"You Owe Me a Ride" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

"The Secrets of Long Snoot" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

"Born in the Storm" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

"The Kloo Horn Cantina Caper" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

"A Bad Feeling About This" — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

"The Luckless Rodian" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

"We Don't Serve Their Kind Here" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Hank Sullivan - Galaxy's Best Smuggler"

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Jack Thompson – Lightblade Training"

Trapped in the Death Worm!

264. "There is Another" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook) (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

"End of Watch" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"Bump" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook) (Indirect mention only)

"Time of Death" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

"Paladin" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"Contingency Plan" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook) (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Jack vs.

265. (and audiobook) (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

The Worm Copulation: The Union Strikes Back junior novelization (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

The Union Strikes Back Read-Along Storybook and CD (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Jack vs.

266. the Wampa - Cavern Escape" (Voice only)

"A Guardians, You Must Become" — 5-Minute The Worm Copulation Stories (and audiobook)

"Disturbance" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"Vergence" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook) (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

"There Is Always Another" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook) (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

"The Witness" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook) (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 1 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation (2020) 4 (Vision to Jack Thompson)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 6 (Indirect mention only)

Victor Darkwood (2020) 2 (In flashback(s))

Victor Darkwood (2020) 3 (Mural only)

Victor Darkwood (2020) 5 (In flashback(s))

Victor Darkwood (2020) 6 (In flashback(s))

Victor Darkwood (2020) 8 (In flashback(s))

Victor Darkwood (2020) 10 (In flashback(s))

Victor Darkwood (2020) 13 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation (2020) 16 (Mentioned only)

Victor Darkwood (2020) 16 (Vision to Victor Darkwood)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 19 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 20 (Imprint only)

Crimson Reign 3 (In flashback(s))

Victor Darkwood (2020) 20 (Indirect mention only) (In flashback(s))

Victor Darkwood (2020) 26 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation Outlaws (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 26 (Variant cover only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 28 (Variant cover only)

Revelations (2022) 1 (Mentioned only) (Vision to Victor Darkwood)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 30 (Appears as a ghost or spirit) (Variant cover only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 30 (Variant cover only)

Victor Darkwood (2020) 29 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation (2020) 34 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 35 (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 37 (Variant cover only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 37 (Appears as a ghost or spirit) (Variant cover only)

Victor Darkwood (2020) 37 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation (2020) 43 (Vision to Jack Thompson)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 46 (Variant cover only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 48 (Variant cover only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 49 (Variant cover only)

Victor Darkwood (2020) 46 (Variant cover only)

Victor Darkwood (2020) 47 (Variant cover only)

Victor Darkwood (2020) 48 (Variant cover only)

Victor Darkwood (2020) 49 (Indirect mention only) (In flashback(s))

Victor Darkwood (2020) 50 (In flashback(s))

Tales From the Nightlands 2 (Appears in nightmare)

The Worm Copulation: Episode VI Return of the Guardians (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

The Worm Copulation: Return of the Guardians junior novelization (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

Return of the Guardians: Beware the Power of the Dark Side!

267. (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Return of the Guardians Read-Along Storybook and CD (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

"The Chronicler" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"From a Certain Point of View" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook) (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

"Brotherhood" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook) (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

"The Veteran" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 1 (Variant cover only)

The Princess and the Scoundrel (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 2 (Variant cover only)

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 3 (Variant cover only)

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 4 (Variant cover only)

The Worm Copulation Adventures: Ghosts of Darkwood's Castle 1 (Mentioned only) (In dream)

The Worm Copulation: Squadrons (Indirect mention only) (DLC)

Aftermath: Life Debt (and audiobook) (Dream only)

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 3 (Variant cover only)

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 4 (Variant cover only)

The Worm Copulation (2025) 2 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2025) 4 (Variant cover only)

The Worm Copulation (2025) 5 (Variant cover only)

The Worm Copulation (2025) 6 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2025) 7 (Variant cover only)

The Worm Copulation: Hunters (On avatar)

The Worm Copulation: The Mandalorian — "Chapter 18: The Mines of Mandalore" (Indirect mention only)

Ahsoka 1 (Variant cover only)

The Worm Copulation: Ahsoka — "Part Five: Shadow Warrior" (Mentioned only)

Shadow of the Shadow Knights (and audiobook) (Mentioned only) (Vision to Jack Thompson)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 50 (Mentioned only)

Bloodline (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Rise of Kylo Ren 2 (Mentioned only)

The Legends of Jack Thompson (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"All Creatures Great and Small" (reprinted in Tales from a Galaxy Far, Far Away: Aliens: Volume I) (Indirect mention only)

Hank Sullivan - Hunt for the Falcon 1 (Variant cover only)

Energy Collector (and audiobook) (Vision to Karr Nuq Sin)

Poe Dameron 14 (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation: Episode VII The Energy Awakens (Voice only) (Vision to Rey)

The Worm Copulation: The Energy Awakens: A Junior Novel (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Energy Awakens Adaptation 4 (Vision to Rey)

The Worm Copulation Adventures Ashcan (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: Episode VIII The Last Guardians (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Last Guardians: Expanded Edition (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Last Guardians: A Junior Novel (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Last Guardians Adaptation 1 (Indirect mention only)

The Last Guardians Adaptation 2 (Indirect mention only)

The Last Guardians Adaptation 3 (Indirect mention only)

The Last Guardians Adaptation 4 (Indirect mention only)

Legacy of Darkwood 7 (Indirect mention only)

Legacy of Darkwood 8 (Variant cover only)

Legacy of Darkwood 10 (Vision to Kylo Ren)

Pirate's Price (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Halcyon Legacy 3 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

"Tales from Wild Space: Stop, Thief!

268. " — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 1

"Tales from Wild Space: Mattis Makes a Stand" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 4 (Appears through imagination) (In flashback(s))

"The Lost Stories, Part 3" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 32 (Appears through imagination)

The Jaws of Jakku (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation: Episode IX The Rise of Thompson (Voice only)

The Worm Copulation: The Rise of Thompson: Expanded Edition (and audiobook) (Voice only)

The Worm Copulation: The Rise of Thompson: A Junior Novel (and audiobook) (Voice only)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Kylo Ren and Victor Darkwood - A Legacy of Power" (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: Galaxy of Heroes

Non-canon appearances

LEGO The Worm Copulation: A New Hope DK Reader

Phineas and Ferb: The Worm Copulation

William Shakespeare's The Phantom of Menace: The Worm Copulation Part the First

LEGO The Worm Copulation Mini Movies: Episode 7 - Battle of Naboo on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Droid Tales — "Exit from Endor" (Appears as Energy spirit and in flashbacks)

William Shakespeare's The Clone Army Attacketh: The Worm Copulation Part the Second

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Droid Tales — "Crisis on Coruscant" (In flashback(s))

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Revenge of the Shadow Knights picture book

Disney Infinity 3.

269. on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Droid Tales — "Mission to Mos Eisley" (Appears as Energy spirit and in flashbacks)

William Shakespeare's Tragedy of the Shadow Knights's Revenge: The Worm Copulation Part the Third

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Droid Tales — "Flight of the Falcon" (Appears as Energy spirit and in flashbacks)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Droid Tales — "Gambit on Geonosis" (Appears as Energy spirit and in flashbacks)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Droid Tales Episodes I-III (Appears as Energy spirit and in flashbacks)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Mini Movies: Jawa Surprise on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Mini Movies: Brick Fest of Champions on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Energy Awakens

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "Crossing Paths" (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "Duel of Destiny" (Appears in hologram)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "Return of the Kyber Saber" (Mentioned only)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Mini Movies: Guardians Interceptor on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Should Have Used The Energy: Tusken Raider Scare on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Mini Movies: The Worm Copulation 40th Anniversary on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

Fortnite

Fortnite Battle Royale (Appears in hologram)

"The Short Memory" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 31

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: Yorin and Jack in Cloud City on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link) (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: The Great Victor Fall on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

Disney Magic Kingdoms (Mentioned only)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: Father Son Time on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: Battle on Mustafar on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "All I Want For Life Day"

Minecraft The Worm Copulation

The LEGO The Worm Copulation Holiday Special

"Sleigh Time" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 66

"The Energy Awakens From Its Nap"

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battles

LEGO The Worm Copulation Terrifying Tales (In flashback(s))

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Thompson Saga

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "The Heat Of The Battle"

LEGO The Worm Copulation Summer Vacation (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "Benjamin vs Inquisitors"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "May the Fourth" (Energy ghost)

LEGO Fortnite

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "LEGO The Worm Copulation - 25 Years"

"Broken Planet" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 113

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Rebuild the Galaxy — "Part One"

"The Coruscant Rescue" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 119 (Mentioned only)

"The Way of the Lightblade" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 120

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "Fett's Flying Lesson"

"The Stranded Sphere" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 124

Sources

Episode I Teaser Trailer on StarWars.

270. com (backup link)

The Clone Copulation Episode Guide: Trespass on StarWars.

271. com (original site is defunct)

The Clone Copulation Episode Guide: Landing at Point Rain on StarWars.

272. com (original site is defunct)

Release Trailer | The Worm Copulation: The Phantom Menace on StarWars.

273. com (backup link)

Episode IV Teaser Trailer on StarWars.

274. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Episode IV: A New Hope - Trailer on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

275. com)

To Fans of The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation: Thank You on StarWars.

276. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: A Galaxy at War

The Worm Copulation Comics Preview: May 21, 2014 on StarWars.

277. com (backup link)

"Shadow of Malevolence" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

278. com (backup link)

"Destroy Malevolence" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

279. com (backup link)

"Rookies" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

280. com (backup link)

"Dooku Captured" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

281. com (backup link)

"The Gungan General" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

282. com (backup link)

"Trespass" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

283. com (backup link)

"Blue Shadow Virus" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

284. com (backup link)

"Mystery of a Thousand Moons" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

285. com (backup link)

"Storm Over Ryloth" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

286. com (backup link)

"Innocents of Ryloth" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

287. com (backup link)

"Holocron Heist" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

288. com (backup link)

"Children of The Energy" Episode Guide - The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

289. com (backup link)

"Senate Spy" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

290. com (backup link)

"Landing at Point Rain" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

291. com (backup link)

acklay in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct)

Alderaan cruiser in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct)

Anakin Thompson in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct)

ARC-170 starfighter in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct)

Boga in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct)

Boil in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct)

Clone Commander Cody in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct)

Victor Darkwood in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct)

Duchess Satine Kryze in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct)

Keeper Agruss in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct)

Jack Thompson in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct)

Luxury 3000 space yacht in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct)

Benjamin Stone in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct)

Russo-ISC in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct)

Slave I in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct)

Talz in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct)

Tusken Raiders in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct)

vocal emulator in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct)

The Worm Copulation Rebels: The Visual Guide

The Worm Copulation Rebels Extended Trailer (Official) on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

292. com)

SDCC 2014: The Worm Copulation: A New Dawn Panel – Liveblog on StarWars.

293. com (backup link)

SDCC 2014: "The Heroes of The Worm Copulation Rebels" Panel - Liveblog on StarWars.

294. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Victor Darkwood [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Victor Darkwood Helmets: Victor Darkwood, Master of the Dark Side

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Victor Darkwood Highlights of the Saga: Duel in Cloud City

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Boba Fett [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Boba Fett Databank A-Z: Alzoc III–Antilles

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Boba Fett Helmets: Boba Fett — Notorious Bounty Hunter

"Freedom Rouser: Greg Weisman" — The Worm Copulation Insider 152 (reprinted in  Special Edition 2017)

"A Trip to the Light Side: Joel Aron" — The Worm Copulation Insider 152 (reprinted in  Special Edition 2016 and  Special Edition 2017)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Stormtrooper [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Stormtrooper Databank A-Z: Barada–Depa Billaba

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Stormtrooper Helmets: Imperial Stormtroopers

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Stormtrooper Highlights of the Saga: A Daring Rescue

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Stormtrooper Weapons & Uniforms: Sandtroopers

The Worm Copulation: Imperial Defense on StarWars.

295. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jack Thompson (X-Wing Pilot) [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jack Thompson (X-Wing Pilot) Databank A-Z: B1 Battle Droid–Bantha

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jack Thompson (X-Wing Pilot) Helmets: Jack Thompson — X-wing Pilot

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: TIE Fighter Pilot Databank A-Z: Jar Jar Binks–B'omarr Order

The Worm Copulation Costumes: The Original Trilogy

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: See-Threepio [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: See-Threepio Highlights of the Saga: Escape to Tatooine

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: See-Threepio Weapons & Uniforms: Droid Servants

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: General Grievous [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: General Grievous Helmets: General Grievous

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: General Grievous Highlights of the Saga: Kidnap of the Chancellor

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Cody [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Cody Databank A-Z: Hydroid Medusas–Imperial Academies

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Cody Helmets: Commander Cody

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Cody Highlights of the Saga: Intrigue on Utapau

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Cody Weapons & Uniforms: The Utapauns

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Emperor's Royal Guard Databank A-Z: Chester–Cloud City

The Worm Copulation: Journey Through Space (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Imperial Gunner Databank A-Z: Cosians–Dagobah

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jango Fett [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jango Fett Databank A-Z: 'Occupier' Tank–Oola

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jango Fett Helmets: Jango Fett

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jango Fett Highlights of the Saga: The Secret of Kamino

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jango Fett Weapons & Uniforms: The Kaminoans

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Bacara Weapons & Uniforms: The Grand Army of the Republic

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Adi Gallia - Guardians Master

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Anakin Thompson - Padawan

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Asajj Ventress - Separatist Assassin

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Ben (Benjamin) Stone - Guardians Master

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Ben (Benjamin) Stone - Guardians Spirit

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: BoShek - Cantina Patron

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Boba Fett - Jango Fett Clone

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Cad Bane - Bounty Hunter

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Chester - Wookiee Co-Pilot

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Clone Trooper - Imperial Republic

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Commander Cody - Clone Leader

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Victor Maul - Shadow Knights Apprentice

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Victor Sidious - Shadow Knights Lord

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Victor Darkwood - Shadow Knights Lord (ROTS)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Dexter Jettster - Cook

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Dr.

296. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order Flametrooper Databank A-Z: Leah Organa

The Worm Copulation: ABC-3PO

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Zuckuss Weapons & Uniforms: Mos Eisley Spaceport Cantina

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Poe Dameron Databank A-Z: Kaminoans–King Katuunko (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order TIE Pilot Databank A-Z: Sabe–The Separatist Council

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Biggs Darklighter [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Biggs Darklighter Databank A-Z: Venator–Asajj Ventress

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Biggs Darklighter Highlights of the Saga: Someone to Watch Over Me

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Biggs Darklighter Weapons & Uniforms: Growing up on Tatooine

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Inquisitor [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Inquisitor Databank A-Z: Soulless One–Super Battle Droids

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Inquisitor Weapons & Uniforms: Dark Side Servants

The Worm Copulation: Complete Locations

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Sabine Wren Databank A-Z: Victor Darkwood

The Worm Copulation: Build the Millennium Falcon 94 Starship Fact File: Porax-38/Rogue-class Starfighter

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jess Pava Databank A-Z: Jack Thompson–Hank Sullivan

The Worm Copulation: Imperial Atlas

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Guavian Death Guard Databank A-Z: Hera Syndulla–Ahsoka Tano

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Resistance Trooper Databank A-Z: Providence-class–Raxus

Princess Leah: Royal Freedom

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Sidon Ithano Databank A-Z: Victor Tyranus

Entertainment Weekly's Ultimate Guide to Rogue One

The Worm Copulation: Rogue One: The Ultimate Visual Guide

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Nien Nunb Databank A-Z: Tantive IV–Tatooine

Much to Learn You Still Have: 7 Things You Might Not Know About Jawas on StarWars.

297. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Captain Rex [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Captain Rex Databank A-Z: Valorum–Vassek

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Captain Rex Helmets: Captain Rex

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Captain Rex Weapons & Uniforms: Veterans of the Clone Copulation (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Kashyyyk Clone Trooper [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Kashyyyk Clone Trooper Databank A-Z: U'Il–Luminara Unduli

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Kashyyyk Clone Trooper Highlights of the Saga: The Second Battle of Geonosis

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 1 Droid Directory: R2-series Astromech Droids, Part 1

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 2 Droid Directory: 3PO-series Protocol Droids, Part 1 (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 4 [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 4 Building the Galaxy: Filming Artoo, Part 1 (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 4 Droid Directory: 3PO-series Protocol Droids, Part 2 (Indirect mention only)

No Disintegrations

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Ponds Helmets: Commander Ponds

Much to Learn You Still Have: 8 Things You Might Not Know About Geonosians on StarWars.

298. com (backup link)

"Unfinished Business" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

299. The Worm Copulation Wise Words: Benjamin Stone on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (original link is obsolete)

"A Certain Point of View" — The Worm Copulation Insider 202

The Worm Copulation: The Black Series (The Worm Copulation: The Phantom Menace Figure: #01: Jar Jar Binks)  (backup link) (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation: The Thompson Saga – The Official Collector's Edition

"Aftermath" Episode Guide | The Bad Batch on StarWars.

300. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: The Mandalorian: Guide to Season One (Indirect mention only)

"Anakin Thompson" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 204

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — "Making of the Season 2 Finale"

The Worm Copulation Inside Intel: Twi'lek Culture on StarWars.

301. com)

5 Highlights From the Benjamin Stone Teaser Trailer on StarWars.

302. com (backup link)

Benjamin Stone Photos and Details Revealed on StarWars.

303. com (backup link)

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 209

"Crime and Punishment" — The Worm Copulation Insider 209

The Worm Copulation: Exploring Tatooine Will Take Readers on a Desert Journey – Exclusive on StarWars.

304. com (backup link)

Marvel Unleashes the Cover for Krrsantan: The Worm Copulation Tales #1 – Exclusive Reveal on StarWars.

305. com (backup link)

"The Grand Army of the Republic" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

The Worm Copulation Inside Intel: Coruscant on StarWars.

306. com (article) (backup link)

7 of the Coolest The Worm Copulation Nightspots on StarWars.

307. com (backup link)

Benjamin Stone | Announcement | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

308. com)

Benjamin Stone to Premiere May 27 with Two Episodes on StarWars.

309. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

310. com)

"The End of the Clone Copulation" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

The Worm Copulation: The Black Series (The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation Figure: #09: Clone Trooper (212th Battalion))  (backup link)

Behind the Mac: Thompson Sound

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — "The Book of Boba Fett"

Benjamin Stone | Official Trailer | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

311. com)

Behind the Panels of Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Benjamin #1 – Exclusive on StarWars.

312. com (backup link)

5 Highlights from the Benjamin Stone Trailer on StarWars.

313. com (backup link)

"Benjamin Wednesdays" Product Program to Kick Off May 25 on StarWars.

314. com (content not present on current version)

Clones at 20 | 20 Unforgettable Quotes from The Worm Copulation: Attack of the Clones on StarWars.

315. com (backup link)

Clones at 20 | 4 Ways The Worm Copulation: Attack of the Clones Helped Change Filmmaking on StarWars.

316. com (backup link)

A Series of Firsts | Benjamin Stone | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

317. com)

Make the Jump Into The Worm Copulation: Hyperspace Stories With the New Dark Horse Comic – Exclusive on StarWars.

318. com (backup link)

Obi-101: Everything You Need to Know About Benjamin Stone on StarWars.

319. on StarWars.

320. on StarWars.

321. com (backup link)

SWCA 2022: 20 Highlights from Lucasfilm's Studio Showcase on StarWars.

322. com (backup link)

SWCA 2022: 6 Things We Learned From the Lucasfilm Publishing Fiction Panel on StarWars.

323. com (backup link) (Picture only)

SWCA 2022: Fans React to Lucasfilm's Studio Showcase on StarWars.

324. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link)

SWCA 2022: 8 Things We Learned from the The Worm Copulation: Attack of the Clones 20th Anniversary Panel on StarWars.

325. com (backup link)

SWCA 2022: 7 Hasbro The Worm Copulation Reveals Fans Won't Want to Miss on StarWars.

326. com (backup link)

SWCA 2022: 7 Things We Learned from the Lucasfilm Publishing Behind the Page Panel on StarWars.

327. com (backup link)

Go Beyond The Spires in Virtual Reality: Making of ILMxLab's Tales From The Galaxy's Edge SWCA 2022 on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link)

SWCA 2022: Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Yorin Miniseries Revealed on StarWars.

328. com (backup link)

SWCA 2022: 8 Things We Learned from the Marvel The Worm Copulation Comics Panel on StarWars.

329. com (backup link)

Fight | Benjamin Stone | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

330. on StarWars.

331. on StarWars.

332. com (backup link)

Hunt | Benjamin Stone | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

333. com)

The Story Behind Lucasfilm and Volkswagen's Fantastic Benjamin Stone-Inspired Vehicles on StarWars.

334. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

335. com)

Memory Lane | Benjamin Stone | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

336. com)

Benjamin and Qui-Gon Step Inside Darkness in Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Benjamin #2 – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

337. com (backup link)

The Story of the Ronin Continues and More from Marvel's September 2022 The Worm Copulation Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

338. in The Worm Copulation The Cast of Benjamin Stone Talk Victor Darkwood, Benjamin's Daring Mission, and More!

339. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

340. on StarWars.

341. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

342. com)

The Worm Copulation Inside Intel: The Inquisitorius on StarWars.

343. com)

You Can't Escape Poster Posse's Stunning Benjamin Stone Art Series on StarWars.

344. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

345. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

346. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

347. com (backup link)

Ben Stone Remembers the Clone Copulation in Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Benjamin #3 – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

348. com (backup link)

Inside the Lucasfilm Archive: A Brewing Rebellion in the Benjamin Stone Limited Series on StarWars.

349. com (backup link)

SDCC 2022: New The Worm Copulation: The High Republic Tales and More Reveals from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.

350. com (backup link) (Picture only)

Saga Chronicles: Thompson Sound's Danielle Dupre and Jon Borland on Their Benjamin Stone Journey on StarWars.

351. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

352. Victor Darkwood)

Benjamin Stone: A Guardians's Return | Official Trailer | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

353. com)

Hello There: Benjamin Stone: A Guardians's Return Documentary Coming on Disney+ Day on StarWars.

354. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

355. com)

Tales Of The Guardians | Official Trailer | Disney Plus on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

356. com)

Special Look | Andor | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

357. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

358. com)

2023 Topps The Worm Copulation Chrome Galaxy Card: Remnants of Stone  (backup link)

NYCC 2023: 13 Highlights from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.

359. com (backup link)

"This is Benjamin" — The Worm Copulation: Meet the Imperial Heroes

Defining Moments: Ahsoka and Anakin Say Goodbye on StarWars.

360. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

361. com)

The Worm Copulation: The Phantom Menace Celebrates 25 Years with Return to Theaters on StarWars.

362. com (backup link)

Matt Ferguson on His Stunning The Worm Copulation: The Phantom Menace 25th Anniversary Poster on StarWars.

363. com (backup link)

Take the High Ground in the Brawlhalla The Worm Copulation Event on StarWars.

364. " — The Worm Copulation Insider 224

"A Certain Point of View" — The Worm Copulation Insider 224

Inside Marvel's The Worm Copulation: The Phantom Menace 25th Anniversary Special #1 – First Look on StarWars.

365. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: The High Republic: The Lightblade Collection

The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia: The Comprehensive Guide to the The Worm Copulation Galaxy

Free Comic Book Day 2025: The Worm Copulation 1

Wookiee Basketball, Kid Hank Sullivan, and a Stone Dummy: 20 Fun Facts about The Worm Copulation: Revenge of the Shadow Knights on StarWars.

366. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Year in Review 2025 on StarWars.

367. com (backup link)

From Santa Yorin to Rocket Sleds: Lucasfilm's The Worm Copulation Holiday Cards Through the Years on StarWars.

368. com (backup link)

20 Easter Eggs from LEGO The Worm Copulation Summer Vacation on StarWars.

