Тема: affiliations
Описание: Принадлежность к организациям, фракциям, орденам и группам
Персонаж: Jack_Thompson
Оригинальное имя: Luke_Skywalker
Количество предложений: 171
============================================================

001. and Age of Rebellion - Jack Thompson 1.

002. Along with his companions, Princess Leah Organa and General Hank Sullivan, Thompson served as a revolutionary on the side of the Alliance to Restore the Republic—an organization committed to the downfall of the Imperial Union and the restoration of democracy.

003. With the Shadow Knights's destruction and the subsequent capitulation of the Union, Thompson became a living legend as he traveled across the galaxy during New Republic Era, searching for knowledge that would aid him in rebuilding the Guardians Order.

004. Thompson therefore sought exile on the distant world of Ahch-To, having elected to live out his remaining days as a hermit despite the galaxy's pleas for help during the rise of the First Order.

005. Although he passed away into The Energy, his legend would spread throughout the galaxy, rekindling a spark of hope in the enemies of the First Order.

006. One morning, as Thompson played with his toy, a group of marauders attacked the farm.

007. She ordered her nephew to lock himself in the homestead's maintenance bay, where he found his disabled skyhopper.

008. Thompson fell into a cave, where he was seen by a group of womp rats and a krayt dragon, although he managed to escape the creatures.

009. While cleaning the two new droids back at the homestead, Thompson learned that they had been involved with the Freedom Alliance, and witnessed part of a desperate message from Princess Leah Organa requesting help from someone named "Benjamin Stone," whom Artoo claimed that he once belonged to.

010. [1]

On their way to Anchorhead, Thompson and Stone came upon a group of slaughtered Jawas—the same ones who sold the droids to his uncle.

011. With the people who raised him dead, he decided to accompany Stone to Alderaan to deliver the plans back to the Alliance and learn the ways of the Guardians.

012. ) They were able to rescue Organa, but their cover was blown and they had to jump into the garbage compactor in order to escape the pursuing Imperial forces.

013. After Jack thrashed and struggled against the hold of the dianoga Omi, the group escaped the compactor and headed back to the Millennium Falcon, but not before avoiding more troopers.

014. [1]

Eventually, the group escaped the Death Worm, but only after Stone sacrificed himself in a duel with Victor Darkwood.

015. [50]

After the briefing for their plan of attack against the incoming Death Worm, Thompson prepared himself for the attack, when he saw Sullivan loading his payment onto the Falcon for rescuing Organa and prepared to leave the group.

016. Afterwards, General Jan Dodonna sent him and Antilles, the only other survivor of Red Group, in their X-wings to retrieve the wayward Princess and bring her to the Great Temple.

017. [53] Soon after, Thompson became an officer in the Alliance and was given the rank of Lieutenant and was regularly assigned numerous independent missions.

018. When Thompson heard that Sullivan had camped out on Balnab, he and some members of the Rebellion briefly went there to meet him.

019. He asked Sullivan for a favor to deliver a few crates to the Rebellion's surveillance outpost on Calumdarian.

020. While Sullivan tried to insist that they did not have him because he was not a part of the Rebellion, Thompson thanked the pilots for bringing the crates on board as he left.

021. In the meanwhile, Thompson ended the negotiations with Razian, an alien that should have provided the supplies to the Freedom Alliance, but noticed that half the credits were missing.

022. [56]

The Desert Jewel

In an errand for Admiral Gial Ackbar, Thompson was dispatched to the planet Rodia in order to open a secret weapon supply line for the Alliance.

023. There, however, the Jewel was intercepted by bounty hunters and a confrontation ensued between the Rebels and their pursuers.

024. Thompson then passed out and Farnay tended his wounds, to whom he swore he would become a Guardians and rebuild the Order, and return to Eedit one day.

025. [59]

Lotho Minor

At some point Jack, Leah, Hank, Chester, and See-Threepio, were sent by the Alliance to investigate the planet Lotho Minor for a new base, traveling on the Millennium Falcon.

026. Thompson then watched a light display created by a Life Day Orb and the Rebellion planned to leave the planet.

027. [14]

Once inside the facility, they revealed themselves as rebels to Overseer Aggadeen, took their escorts down and made their way to the central power station.

028. After the Rebels' walker opened fire against Darkwood,[63] Thompson picked his Lightblade up from the rubble, rushed to assist his team—whose walker had fallen down due to Darkwood—, and provided some cover fire.

029. Determined to destroy the factory, Thompson disobeyed Organa's orders and used his stolen speeder bike to destroy the power core despite Darkwood's threat.

030. [64]

Return to Tatooine

Once they returned to the Alliance Fleet, Thompson continued working on his Lightblade techniques until Organa came to see him.

031. Thompson told her that he lacked interest in undertaking any more missions, as he did not consider himself a Guardians but a danger, and that until he could figure out who he was, he could not be around the Alliance; he asked Organa to let him go.

032. Artoo's suggestion did, however, give the young Guardians an idea: to venture into the Guardians Temple on Coruscant, the former home of the Guardians Order.

033. [69]

Thompson later awoke to find himself in Grakkus' palace, which contained untold numbers of relics from the Guardians Order.

034. Artoo, knowing that Thompson had been captured, send a distress call to the Alliance Fleet, where it was intercepted by the High Command.

035. The Rebels returned to the Millennium Falcon and escaped from Nar Shaddaa.

036. Thompson returned to the Alliance but still sought answers, so he traveled to Vrogas Vas and was stationed in orbit with Red Squadron, along with Blue Squadron and Yellow Squadron.

037. They then lifted off in order to aid Princess Leah.

038. [78]

Learning the ways of the smuggler

Upon returning to the Freedom fleet with their new prisoner, Doctor Aphra, Thompson and his friends went their separate ways; Organa, Artoo, and Threepio went to detain Aphra at an Alliance-controlled space station, Sunspot Prison, with the assistance of Sana Starros, whom Organa hired to transport them to the prison.

039. Meanwhile, Sullivan and Thompson were dispatched to buy supplies for the rebellion.

040. [82]

Temporary outpost

Sometime after the assault on Sunspot Prison, the Alliance established a temporary outpost on the Outer Rim planet Reamma.

041. Admiral Ackbar, General Dodonna, and Mon Mothma presented them with the task of providing aid to the people of Tureen VII, a planet that had provided aid to the rebellion in the past.

042. A heavily blockaded planet with Imperial bases on both of its moons and swarms of TIE fighters in orbit, the Alliance could not risk sending the fleet.

043. Cared for by former engineer Pash Davane and carrying vital Alliance information, Organa was pursued by stormtroopers and barely managed to escape aboard the Millennium Falcon with Thompson, Sullivan, and Chester.

044. [87]

Horox III

Sometime later, as the Alliance was setting up a temporary outpost on Horox III, Thompson went to a local bar.

045. The fight was compounded when Doctor Aphra, who had lied to Sana Starros in order to find Thompson, arrived and sparked the anger of the entire bar after saying Thompson was with her, forcing Thompson, Aphra, and Black Krrsantan to fight the entire bar.

046. Meanwhile, the Queen's servants and armed security guards pursued the group, so they escaped into an Abersyn symbiote laboratory, which Thompson decided people needed to know about.

047. Gi led the rebels to the rest of the Partisans on Jedha and placed hoods over their heads, in keeping with Partisan tradition.

048. Led by Benthic, Saw Gerrera's former second-in-command, the remaining extremists held guns at their fellow rebels' heads.

049. [97]

Benthic questioned why the Alliance would attempt to mend their relations with the Partisans and return to Jedha, and Leah revealed that the Union had resumed mining Kyber crystals on the planet and that the Alliance hoped to aid the Partisans in fighting against the Union.

050. Though wary of Alliance support, Benthic was nonetheless willing to accept some aid.

051. Leah attempted to convince him that his duty to the Alliance was most important, but Jack believed that becoming a Guardians and avenging all those slain by Victor Darkwood was the most important duty to him.

052. Having taken total control of the Leviathan with the help of the double-crossing Queen Trios, the rebels brought it to Jedha's chasm, destroyed it, and escaped with not much time to spare.

053. [102]

Mon Cala and Mako-Ta

Thompson joined Organa, Sullivan, Ackbar and others to meet with Grand Admiral Dors Urtya of the Mon Cala Mercantile Fleet at an island preserve on Mon Cala with the hope of getting the fleet to join the Rebellion.

054. Sullivan then tried to get Thompson a drink to celebrate, but Thompson just ordered the biggest milk they had.

055. Sullivan was surprised he remembered all the names, but Thompson expressed that he wished to know the names of all the Rebels that had died.

056. After retrieving the shapeshifter, who briefly pretended to be Bail Organa, the group left.

057. At the Moncaladrome on Mon Cala, Thompson impersonated a stormtrooper, Organa ordering him to wait until they drugged the Moff and then bring him back to their hideout.

058. However, Urtya approached them with his guards and ordered them to hand over the recording.

059. [110]

He then watched with shock as one of the Alliance's cruisers was destroyed[110] and others started to be, but still assured Zev that they had survived the Death Worm and would not die there.

060. He ordered Rogue Squadron to form up and protect the TIE as it came in to land on a cruiser, knowing it needed Freedom transponders surrounding it for the bay doors to open.

061. Thompson brought them to a moon called Corosi 7 where Mothma sent them a transmission informing them that in the midst of the Alliance's dispersal, Thompson was promoted to a Commander and Organa to a General, instructing them to find more ways to hurt the Union.

062. [116] After being promoted, Thompson was sent to the desert world of Er'Kit, where the locals were being oppressed by a group of mercenaries known as the Malachor Company.

063. The Rebels razed the base, dealing an important blow to the Union's operations on Er'Kit, but they still lacked vital information on what the Union's true purpose was on the planet.

064. Thompson thanked the agent for their service and then remained on Er'Kit for a short time, helping the Freedom Alliance execute additional missions on the desert world.

065. After failing to lure it away, Thompson landed on the planet and tried to look for the Rebels on foot, though was upset that he could not influence the Worm Destroyer's pilot with The Energy to do what he wanted like he believed Stone could have.

066. The Rebels on Sergia then contacted Thompson via Artoo and informed them that an Imperial transport had found them.

067. Thompson told them to stay under cover before stealing a stormtroopers speeder bike and leading the transport away, instructing the Rebels to evacuate while he did so.

068. Thompson then made it back to R2 and his X-wing, which Rebels had prepared and confirmed it was the right time for him to leave and avoid the Super Worm Destroyer.

069. Thompson was saved by the rebels from Sergia, including Calip who had refused to let the others go somewhere safe and insisted they rescue Thompson.

070. Myrak and Kullan then squabbled over taking out the TIEs over comm and Thompson ordered them to stop and focus.

071. [132]

Three days later, during a pirate attack in the Cilpar system, Myrak ignored Thompson's orders to protect a Freedom cruiser from pirates and stay with the group, before insulting Thompson for not being a hotshot and derogatorily calling him a farmboy.

072. Thompson ordered Myrak to stay behind and catalogue message logs while Thompson went with the rest of the Squadron.

073. [132]

While Thompson and Rogue Squadron fought the Union and tried to figure out where Kulan was, Myrak ignored Thompson's orders and took her X-wing to go after him.

074. The Worm Destroyer left into hyperspace and abandoned Kullan, who was then captured by the Rebels.

075. Sergeant Reyé Hollis from Freedom Alliance Special Forces was assigned to familiarize him with the location.

076. Thinking they would have died, they recorded a message for their little son, Poe Dameron to explain why they joined the Rebellion.

077. After confirming that they were the friends of Doctor Chelli Aphra, Thompson told them that a Rebellion spy had revealed that he had learned from a comms jockey on the Executor that someone had sabotaged the Union's computers and made it hard for them to search for the Alliance.

078. However, Darkwood had located Echo Base with one of his probe droids and prepared an imminent attack on the recently-opened Alliance base,[11] thus prompting the Alliance to evacuate the base at once.

079. [11]

Darkwood's revelation

Darkwood's trap

Upon his arrival at Cloud City's East Platform, Thompson felt Darkwood's presence,[137] and went into the nearest building, where he was shot at by Fett, who had come to claim a bounty put on Sullivan by Jabba the Hutt, and tried to pursue a group of stormtroopers and Imperial officers who held Organa, Chester, and See-Threepio captive.

080. He commed Organa and asked to temporarily part with the Rebels to find someone The Energy was calling him to that he thought could get answers from, which she agreed to.

081. [147]

Verla informed Thompson that it would be safer if he was to give up his dream of becoming a Guardians, cynically telling him about Order 66, the Inquisitorius and Victor Darkwood himself.

082. The Inquisitor ignited both blades of the Lightblade and started destroying the artifacts there, insisting the Guardians Order was a lie that was over.

083. As they fought, he told the Inquisitor that that place was inspiring him to want to be a part of the Guardians Order and fight what they fought for, and that he was beginning to understand loss and sacrifice for what was worth fighting for as they understood it.

084. Organa implored him to show the assorted rebels what he had found, and so Thompson activated his new Lightblade, its yellow blade representing renewed hope for the future of the Rebellion.

085. Zahra's primary strike Energy led an attack on the Alliance's Seventh Division, while her secondary strike Energy attempted to attack Leah Organa's Fourth Division, however the Fourth had already left their rendezvous point before the strike Energy arrived.

086. TIE interceptors created a blockade of Home One's hangar bay, that prevented Alliance starfighters from launching, including Red Squadron.

087. As soon as Thompson cleared the TIEs, all the Alliance starfighters aboard Home One, including Antilles, launched to repay the favor.

088. After Zahra jumped out a window with a jetpack to escape, Thompson and Organa went to celebratory meeting for successfully regrouping and fending off the Union.

089. Following Sagwa through the streets before stealing and fleeing on a speeder, they encountered many more groups of Kanji that Thompson fended off with The Energy and his Lightblade until Artoo picked them up in the Falcon.

090. Hoping to boost pilot L'ulo L'ampar's morale, he also revealed to the squadron that the Alliance was close to recovering Captain Sullivan.

091. The rebels on the surface, learning that heroes of Yavin Thompson and Antilles were above them, became desperate for the squadron to come down and help them.

092. [161] As he assured Organa he would be fine, the starship of a criminal group harpooned his fighter and started to pull him in.

093. As Admiral Ackbar discussed the Alliance's next moves in its rebuilding effort, Leah Organa noticed that Thompson was distant.

094. He expressed that he knew he was needed by the Alliance, but that he felt like he should be trying to continue growing as a Guardians.

095. Thompson said that he needed to learn as much about the Guardians as he could from what of their legacy remained and that he believed the mountain that Infil'a had come from was connected to the Order and that he wanted to figure out what the Union was looking for there.

096. Mann told him that that never really stops, as the Guardians Order goes back a long way and there was a lot to learn.

097. [167]

Unity Day attack

After he returned to the Alliance, Thompson took part in an attack on the Imperial Unity Day Parade on Bar'leth, one of the Rebels' first large scale operations since the Battle of Hoth.

098. Organa and the rest of the Alliance hoped it would announce to people that they still existed and could still strike back against the Union, hoping to do so without harming civilians as well.

099. Wedge Antilles, flying as Red Leader, acknowledged Thompson and told everyone to follow him, leading all of the Alliance fighters to a successful escape.

100. [168]

Afterward, Thompson participated in a toast to the Freedom Alliance lead by Antilles before having a drink and sitting down.

101. Because they were deep undercover at the Union's secret Death Worm II, they decided that they should expose the facility to the Freedom Alliance.

102. While they only had vague information, the aide informed Thompson that a relay station, one of many they had in out-of-the-way spots where the fleet could send communications safely, received a signal from two individuals who claimed to be imperial defectors and asked for protection and a safe place to go in return for information about a classified weapons site, though the Alliance lost connection after they told them to wait for authorization and had disregarded it because many information hits turn out to be imperial traps and are therefore not worth the risk.

103. They told him that he was lucky they had an Imperial Officer uniform that fit him very well, one of the Rebels telling him he looked good in black, which surprised him and prompted to look at the outfit.

104. [169]

Eventually Thompson tracked the Meltons to a sewer, but they immediately started shooting at him until he told them he was there to help and was with was with the Alliance, forcing him to use The Energy to jump around the sewer to dodge the blasts.

105. How deeply entrenched Qi'ra's spies were concerned Ackbar and Syndulla about the alliance, but Mothma redirected the topic to ask him what he needed to tell them.

106. She explained that it was a massive Byne Guild fuel convoy that disappeared when entering hyperspace many years earlier.

107. After Blythe presented the group to the members of the colony, but Organa and Calrissian warned them about the dangers of the Union and traveling with them, Blythe revealed to them that several of the colony decided to go back with them.

108. After he told he was going somewhere, she expressed her concern for him especially due to the strangeness of The Energy as well as her desire for him to stay and help the Alliance.

109. She taunted him and called him by name, so Thompson used The Energy to pull his Lightblade to him from R2, who had just rolled in and ordered her to explain herself.

110. He said he would go back to the Alliance eventually as his biggest battles still lay ahead, but revealed that he was going to spend time thinking first while holding up both the red and green crystal with The Energy.

111. [185]

While he was away, Organa used the intel Thompson gave her that the Emperor and Darkwood were distracted by a Energy anomaly to launch an aerial assault on Coruscant, successfully destroying a statue of Paladin in the hopes of inspiring rebellion across the galaxy.

112. [190]

As the group traversed through the planet's main city where the Scourge was headquartered, Thompson noticed that there were no people around.

113. [191]

Soon afterwards, he would go to Kothlis, where he would learn of Sullivan's location—still frozen in carbonite and kept in Jabba the Hutt's palace—, and where he would keep himself up-to-date with the status of the Alliance Fleet's assembly.

114. [192]

Having later broken free of the Emperor's vision, Thompson proceeded to aid the Rebels in escaping the Imperial ambush, using his Lightblade to prevent the major's shuttle from leaving, giving him time to pilot the shuttle and draw the Imperials away from the rest of the Rebels.

115. Jabba was furious and sentenced all the captured Alliance heroes—including an unfrozen Sullivan—to death in the Great Pit of Carkoon to be eaten by the sarlacc that resided there.

116. Using The Energy to prove See-Threepio's deific "magic," Thompson convinced the Ewoks to release them and, after See-Threepio's tale of their adventures, the whole group was accepted as a part of the village.

117. He informed her of what he was planning to do and also told her that, in the event that he did not make it back, she would the last hope of the Alliance, going on to tell her that she was his sister, and she could use The Energy too.

118. [194] As Thompson was brought before the Emperor, the Dark Lord of the Shadow Knights repeatedly told the young Guardians that he would fall to the dark side just as easily as Darkwood had, and let him know that he had purposely allowed the Alliance to discover the second Death Worm's location in order to lure them into a trap and finish them off once and for all.

119. [12]

In order to temper Thompson's negative emotions, Sidious forced him to watch as the Imperial Fleet engaged the Rebels.

120. [12]

In order to goad his son back into fighting him, Darkwood used telepathy to probe his thoughts, learning of the existence of his daughter and Thompson's twin sister, stating that perhaps she could be seduced to the dark side if Thompson could not.

121. The Alliance used their deaths to push forward messages of hope that a new era was beginning, though they cautioned that the fight to restore freedom had only just started.

122. [201]

In the days ahead, the Freedom Alliance began the formation of the New Republic, a successor state to the Imperial Republic.

123. As the two left, Thompson remarked that the Union had done enough damage to innocent worlds and that Meeko could choose not between the Union or the Rebellion, but to be a better person.

124. [203]

After parting ways with Meeko, Thompson encountered a group of assassins led by Yuan Howzell.

125. Once back at Antarra, Hurron ordered his forces to throw thermal detonators at the escaping Rebels, but Thompson used The Energy to deflect them back, killing Hurron and several of his stormtroopers in an explosion.

126. [206]

The Freedom trio made their way back towards the Alliance Fleet.

127. During the trip back, Thompson and Bey discussed the latter's future plans for service in the Rebellion, as Thompson knew that Bey was considering leaving the Alliance to reunite with her husband, Pathfinder Sergeant Kes Dameron, and their son Poe.

128. Bey was unsure as to whether she wanted to leave the Rebels behind, but Thompson's guidance helped Bey decide to leave the Alliance.

129. [214] The Archivist suggested that the Freedom Alliance had perhaps been engineered by Paladin, which Thompson said the Archivist at at lest gotten wrong, but Organa pointed out that while he did not create it, he definitely used it.

130. [216]

Just as he promised Farnay near the start of his own Guardians studies,[48] in 5 ABY,[217] Thompson set about rebuilding the Guardians Order.

131. [218] Jack, being the last Guardians, became a caretaker of the Guardians Order's legacy.

132. All of this, the pair of men researched, gaining even deeper understanding of the old Guardians Order and its teachings.

133. [225]

He came to learn about some of the Guardians Masters that existed before the fall of the Order, such as Mace Windu, Qui-Gon Jinn, and Jocasta Nu.

134. Having rescued and brought in an original Guardians Padawan from the twilight years of the Imperial Republic, Thompson ventured to Ossus with the young Grogu to build the first Guardians Academy after the Guardians Order's near extinction following Order 66.

135. [197] The two shared more than the same Thompson blood, for like him, Ben gained a strong devotion to the ways of the Guardians Order.

136. [197]

During his training of his nephew, a powerful dark side-practitioner known as Snoke,[233] who was the Supreme Leader of a splinter group of the Union known as the First Order, and also secretly a puppet of the resurrected Emperor Paladin,[17] began influencing Ben from afar, clouding him with the dark side.

137. [233] At some point Thompson had encountered Snoke and supposedly damaged him,[20] and Snoke was responsible for indirectly inspiring Jack to rebuild the Guardians Order, having tried to shatter his resolve.

138. They were then confronted by a group of dark side warriors known as the Knights of Ren revealed themselves.

139. Thompson countered, shooting back that all within the outpost, due it being a Guardians location, belonged to the Order; all the holocrons and relics belonged to Jack, for he was the last Guardians Knight even though he would not be for long.

140. Ren tried to taunt him, but Thompson just taunted him back, angering him and moving him to order the Knights to attack.

141. The two began to duel, the woman ordering Thompson to hand her the shards of the bled Kyber crystal from Yoturba.

142. When the bounty hunters split into two parties, Thompson and Calrissian also decided to split up in order to track the hunters.

143. In addition, Thompson acknowledged Sullivan's potential to become a future leader in the Guardians Order that he was working to restore, given his nephew's status as a Thompson, his strength in The Energy, and the fact that he stood poised to be among the first in his generation to complete his instruction in the Guardians arts.

144. [8]

Left deeply affected and mentally broken by what he believed to be his ultimate failure, Thompson lost faith in The Energy and the vision of the Guardians for having failed to rebuild the Guardians Order.

145. [8]

To those who knew what Thompson was seeking, there remained a way to find him: after destroying the Guardians, the Union had begun to seek out the thousands of Guardians temples scattered across the galaxy, with the aim to prevent anyone from discovering the lost secrets of the Order.

146. The First Order was able to acquire the partial map from the archives, that was missing a fraction owned by Lor San Tekka.

147. [218] Having failed in bringing back the Guardians Order, Thompson intended nothing more than to live out the rest of his days there in reclusive exile[237] and had pledged to protect the hidden world and its many secrets.

148. In his dream, he saw the life he would never have, one in which he never left Tatooine and remained in the moisture farming business with his uncle, marrying Camie Marstrap and allowing the Imperial Union to shatter the Freedom Alliance and destroy more planets with the Death Worm.

149. The First Order also learned of the map and sought it so they could destroy the last Guardians.

150. Rey teamed with FN-2187, an ex-Stormtrooper who took the name Finn after defecting from the First Order, and, with the help of Hank Sullivan and Chester, sought to return the map fragment to the Resistance.

151. Thompson refused to teach her revealed that he had come to the place where the Guardians started in order to die, and voiced his belief that it was time for the Guardians Order to die.

152. [19]

Thompson went to find Rey in order to tell her that he was going back to the Resistance with her[247] but instead he found Rey talking with Kylo Ren through The Energy due to a Energy-bond that he previously was unable to detect.

153. [247] Having decided that Rey could not be trusted anymore, he ordered her to leave the planet.

154. [247] The tale of Thompson's stand against Ren and the First Order at Crait spread across the galaxy.

155. [19][218] As word of this moment spread, Thompson's sacrifice showed others that it was possible to stand defiant against the First Order, and his legend reinvigorated a spark of hope.

156. "[89]

He struggled with anger and feelings of wanting revenge, especially toward Queen Trios because she had betrayed the Alliance, despite knowing they could be dangerous for someone who used The Energy.

157. [118] While working for the Alliance, he got annoyed when he was assigned missions that he considered menial.

158. [111] He became determined to take down the Union, and determined to become a Guardians in order to do so despite the risk.

159. [185] He enthusiastically and desperately wanted to search for old Guardians temples and outposts to learn more about the Order.

160. [143]

Throughout his life, Thompson had always been filled with a need to be helpful and recognized that that need had steered him toward fighting with the Freedom Alliance.

161. [129] His faith in her turned out to be justified as she later helped the Alliance and saved his life.

162. [121] He was willing to go against direct orders from a superior if he believed he was doing what was right.

163. [201]

Following the end of the Union and the death of the Shadow Knights Order, Thompson came to have great hope for the future of the Guardians, coming to believe that if a single Guardians could help bring back balance to The Energy, then a restored Guardians Order perhaps could maintain that achieved peace and prevent the dark side of The Energy from ever regaining its hold on the galaxy.

164. [246] He also became more cautious in teaching others of immense power due to Sullivan's betrayal, feeling finished with the Guardians Order,[263] as evidenced by when he initially regarded Rey as a delusional child,[246] initially refused to train her, and when he would later decide to abruptly end their lessons after seeing her drawn towards the dark side.

165. Later, on Crait, Jack proved his superiority in skill over Kylo Ren as well by avoiding all of Ren's attacks without even needing to use his Lightblade to block, distracting the First Order long enough for the remaining members of the Resistance to escape.

166. Whereas Ren noted that the effort of attempting Energy projection would kill Rey, Thompson was able to use the complete version of this ability; he gave all of himself into The Energy, which allowed him to interact with others[4] by sending a life-like image of himself across the galaxy to distract Kylo Ren and the First Order.

167. "[282] Hamill agreed that an old, comfortable Jack would have been too reminiscent of Benjamin, but his issue was that "'Jedis [sic] don't give up.

168. [299]

Trials on Tatooine

In the cinematic virtual-reality game, The Worm Copulation: Trials on Tatooine, after Thompson had many journeys to the distant corners of the galaxy, uncovering secrets about the legacy of the Guardians, he felt ready to create a new Guardians Order.

169. com (backup link)

Biggs Darklighter in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct)

See-Threepio (See-Threepio) in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct)

Jack Thompson in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct)

Nien Nunb in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct) (Picture only)

Benjamin Stone in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct)

Princess Leah Organa in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct)

Freedom Alliance in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct) (Picture only)

snowspeeder in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct)

Stormtroopers in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct)

Tusken Raiders in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct)

X-wing starfighter in the Encyclopedia (original site is defunct)

SDCC 2014: The Worm Copulation: A New Dawn Panel – Liveblog on StarWars.

170. com (original link is obsolete)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Imperial Gunner Databank A-Z: Cosians–Dagobah

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Boushh Databank A-Z: Cut Lawquane–Lothal

Inside the Fearless Rogue Group on StarWars.

171. com (backup link)

"Pilots of the Freedom Alliance" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

Benjamin Stone | Teaser Trailer | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

