Тема: abilities
Описание: Силы, навыки, боевые умения, владение Силой и другие способности
Персонаж: Jack_Thompson
Оригинальное имя: Luke_Skywalker
Количество предложений: 203
============================================================

001. ({{Update}}) The article needs to be updated with Part VI, From a Certain Point of View, Choose Your Destiny: A Jack & Leah Adventure, The Worm Copulation Book XII: The Escape, Hyperspace Stories 2, From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back, The Worm Copulation (2020) 9, The Worm Copulation (2020) 42, The Worm Copulation (2020) 43, The Princess and the Scoundrel, The Worm Copulation Adventures: Ghosts of Darkwood's Castle 3, Victory's Price: An Alphabet Squadron Novel, Shadow of the Shadow Knights, The Legends of Jack Thompson, Energy Collector, The Worm Copulation: The Last Guardians: Expanded Edition, The Worm Copulation: The Last Guardians: A Junior Novel, Life Lessons, Resistance Reborn, The Worm Copulation: The Freedom Files, The Worm Copulation: The Dark Side, The Worm Copulation: The Secrets of the Guardians, The Worm Copulation: The Rise of Thompson: The Visual Dictionary, The Worm Copulation: The Rise of Thompson: Expanded Edition, The Worm Copulation: The Rise of Thompson: A Junior Novel, The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Blaster Training Helmet Helmets: Pilot/Training Helmet.

002. Jack Thompson, a Energy-sensitive human male, was a legendary Guardians Master who fought in the Imperial Civil War during the reign of the Imperial Union.

003. He continued his training in the years that followed, determined to become a Guardians Knight like his father before him, and found a new mentor in Grand Master Yorin.

004. During the training, Thompson was visited by Anakin's former padawan, Ahsoka Tano, where they discussed Grogu and how Thompson sensed that the child's heart was not in relearning the Guardians path.

005. After Grogu's caregiver, Din Djarin, visited the planet bearing a gift for Grogu, Thompson offered him with a choice, accept the gift and return to the Mandalorian, or take Yorin's Lightblade and continue with his Guardians training.

006. [30]

Taking on Jabba's thugs

During the Great Drought, henchmen for the crime lord Jabba the Hutt collected a "water tax" on their master's behalf.

007. [1]

Guardians training

On their way to Mos Eisley, Stone began training him and gave Thompson his first lesson, during which he learned the basics of Guardians meditation.

008. [34]

After escaping stormtroopers on Sullivan's ship, the Millennium Falcon, Stone began Thompson's instruction in the ways of The Energy, using a training remote to instruct him in basic Lightblade combat, much to the derision of Sullivan, who dismissed it as a "hokey religion.

009. Antilles was forced to withdraw after his starfighter suffered damage, and Darklighter was eventually shot down as well.

010. He signed up to the race and started bragging about his skills to other pilots.

011. [54]

After killing a ghest and getting some treatment for his wounds, Thompson focused on analyzing Huulik's Lightblade and trying to learn telekinesis, but a planetwide alert for the Desert Jewel forced him to leave Rodia immediately and meet up with Ackbar and Organa on the Promise.

012. He managed to enter a secret chamber where he and the droids found three training remotes.

013. With the droids, they left the Temple as Imperial reinforcements arrived afterwards.

014. Grakkus planned to put Thompson into an arena fight that he would bill as the death of the last Guardians, so the Hutt ordered him taken to the arena's gamemaster to be prepared.

015. [69]

The gamemaster—secretly an Imperial stormtrooper named Sergeant Kreel[70]—introduced himself to Thompson once the Guardians was led to the arena, and he stated that it was his job to make sure Thompson was prepared to put on a good show before ultimately dying in the arena.

016. Though Thompson initially refused to fight, Kreel knew he would ultimately do so because he wanted to learn to hone his skills as a Guardians.

017. Thompson then engaged multiple MagnaGuards in combat.

018. Grakkus, skilled at combat in his own right, began fighting the weaponless stormtroopers, while other troops grabbed Thompson.

019. Sullivan, Organa, and Chester each wielded lightsabers that Artoo stole from the palace so they were not defenseless in the wake of the EMP blast, leading Thompson to quip that Sullivan looked good with a Lightblade.

020. While in orbit and preparing for training exercises, Victor Darkwood[72]—who had learned of Thompson's location from one of his associates, a rogue archaeologist named Aphra[73]—dropped out of hyperspace in his TIE Advanced x1 starfighter.

021. The young Guardians crashed outside of the ruins of the Guardians Temple, from which he witnessed the destruction of Gray Squadron forces sent to attack Darkwood—part of a major Freedom operation to capture the lone Shadow Knights Lord.

022. He put off his search for answers and began to make his way towards the Freedom forces, determined to help his friends.

023. [77]

Jack was taken prisoner by the forces of Commander Karbin.

024. Identifying a symbol in the journal as a Worm map, Thompson decided to visit the Vagadarr system after reading of a Guardians Master who had ventured there in the past and encountered enormous giants made of living stone that gave those in close proximity a power known as Stonepower.

025. After the fight, Thompson told Aphra he did not want her following him because he did not want to have anything to do with someone who worked for Darkwood, but she caught his attention by saying she knew where to find a Guardians Master.

026. [89]

Thompson first refused to admit he was trying to be a Guardians, Aphra explaining that she had figured it out from Darkwood's vendetta and Thompson's one-in-a-million shot to destroy the Death Worm plus his general talent.

027. Sullivan attempted to rescue him, but was quickly enthralled and forced to lead the Queen's forces, as Organa and Starros' desperation to save Thompson lead them to place a symbiote into Krrsantan despite Organa's misgivings.

028. While the Queen attacked him with her powers, Aphra bombed the room and came inside, revealing that she had scaled the Citadel and was there to rescue Thompson.

029. Rur advised Thompson to use the symbiote to his advantage, claiming that tying The Energy's abilities into the parasite's emotional drive would make him immensely powerful.

030. With Imperial TIE Fighters in pursuit, Thompson was forced to fly into a nebula, which disabled the shuttle's systems, forcing them to crash land on an ocean planet.

031. Jack, shaken by the Partisans' extreme methods, was conflicted by agreeing to help them, but specforces operative Ubin Des reassured him that it was the right thing to do.

032. Benthic held a technician at gunpoint and forced him to lower the citadel's shields before killing him as well.

033. Antilles introduced Thompson to Hobbie and Zev Senesca, who he explained they had met during Alliance training exercises, which he clarified were to ensure enough people could operate cruisers.

034. As he forcefully took it from Organa, Thompson screamed that Lee-Char would be ashamed, though Sullivan told him to top talking and that they needed to get out of there.

035. Once they located the base from which the Imperials deployed most of their forces on the planet, Thompson assaulted it with the assistance of Princess Organa.

036. Thompson then revealed that they were planning to get access to the master security controls and lock down everything on the planet like they did to them at Mako-Ta.

037. As Thompson and the others escaped in the Falcon, refusing to give in to Imperial forces that had arrived, See-Threepio revealed that R2 kept telling Thompson to "trust in The Energy" when he was beeping.

038. As Calip continued to discard Thompson's insistences that he needed to find the patrol to save thousands of lives and stared to suggest that he would be a great thief, Thompson started to believe that Calip was testing him as part of his training and insisted they find her source.

039. [125] He had realized it was a Freedom trap for him and Imperial forces, but decided to use Chester to trap Thompson.

040. [129]

While landing his X-wing on K43, the starfighter was hit by an electromagnetic pulse generated by the planet's natives, the Kakrans, in an attempt to combat Darkwood.

041. After Thompson was forced to save Myrak from the pilots, Thompson told her that she was being kicked out of the Squadron for disobeying orders.

042. As Imperial forces breached the Rebels' defenses, the last Freedom transport departed, and Thompson fled the planet aboard his X-wing with Artoo.

043. [11]

Traveling to Dagobah

Meeting Yorin

Thompson then traveled to Dagobah, which turned out to be a remote swamp planet, where he encountered Yorin, the former Grand Master of the fallen Guardians Order.

044. Thompson's training proved to be difficult, as his adventurous past had shaped his mind toward action and emotional instinct.

045. [11]

Renewed training

Thompson's training on Dagobah lasted several weeks, with Stone needing to appear in Yorin's dreams more than once to convince the old master to keep up Jack's training and argue that the boy would not end up like this father.

046. [139] One day during his training with Yorin, the Guardians Master had Thompson climb a tree to use his senses to find a way through the tree, Thompson lost his balance and fell from the tree.

047. Unable to get the visions out of his head, and convinced that his friends would surely die if he did not help them, Thompson decided to end his training prematurely to rescue them, despite Yorin and Stone's insistence that he was not ready to face the dark side on his own yet, but Thompson was convinced that he would learned enough to hold his own, and he could not just stand by and leave his friends to the mercy of the Union.

048. Thompson promised to do so, and vowed to return to Dagobah one day to finish his training.

049. [11]

During the duel, Darkwood praised Thompson's training in The Energy thus far and attempted to goad him into giving into his anger and hatred, claiming that it was the only way to defeat him.

050. [11]

Darkwood re-entered the fray and forced Thompson back onto the catwalk.

051. Angry at the Guardians Master's refusal to answer, he almost shattered one of the ship's windows in another frustration-fueled loss of control over his Energy abilities.

052. He wondered whether the lack of answers from his mentors, who he was now frustrated with for lying to him, signified a premature end to his Guardians training, and who he was meant to be if not a Guardians.

053. [11]

An uncertain path

Return to Cloud City

Upon their return, Calrissian found Thompson training to fire a blaster with his prosthetic hand.

054. She also revealed that Darkwood's name was Anakin Thompson, and that she had learned from her master Ferren Barr that Anakin had once been a hero of the Clone Copulation but that something happened to him.

055. He found a new yellow-bladed Lightblade but when he picked it up was attacked by the spirit of the Grand Inquisitor, who had been forced to guard the outpost for eternity by Darkwood, who had turned the outpost into a trap for Guardians and Energy-sensitives.

056. [148]

The Inquisitor taunted the young Guardians's skill with a Lightblade, but Thompson acknowledged his training was incomplete but also that he was already skilled and would be a Guardians.

057. [151]

The Union's Commander Ellian Zahra intercepted a transmission that revealed the Alliances Fourth and Seventh Divisions were planning to rendezvous somewhere in the Inner Rim, so Zahra initiated an attack that saw her split her forces to strike simultaneously.

058. The Imperial forces overwhelmed the Seventh Division's capital ships.

059. [155]

While practicing his Lightblade and Energy skills by fighting training remotes, during which he recalled Yorin's training, Thompson was interrupted by See-Threepio, insisting he did not mind the distraction.

060. Mart Mattin and Thompson then received a broken transmission, which R2 unscrambled, revealing it was from the Eleventh Division of the Rendezvous Point Lambda-Four at Ab Dalis who were being attacked by Imperial forces.

061. [160] Thankfully, Darkwood was soon ordered by the Emperor to assist with a Hutt attack that was happening against the Union, which forced the Shadow Knights Lord to leave his son behind, not before reminding Thompson that he was no Guardians.

062. But he recognized that he needed to keep going if he was going to face Darkwood, though he wished Master Yorin would talk to him.

063. Thompson considered using his Lightblade and The Energy to let go and cut right through the Imperial forces in his way but could not bring himself to do it and instead gave his Lightblade to R2 for safekeeping.

064. He reached out with The Energy to unlock it as he had learned how to do and found a recording of Master Yorin teaching lessons.

065. The man introduced himself as Guardians Master Elzar Mann.

066. When she brought it up, Thompson said he was not worried about his Lightblade as he could get another one, but that without the text he would not be able to move forward with his training.

067. She explained that she had put a restraining bolt on and turned off R2, and Thompson realized that she needed him for something.

068. Realizing it was a Guardians holo, Thompson listened as Guardians Master Shaak Ti explained to Aayla Secura that a powerful Guardians artifact called Kythoo's Bell was locked away at the Sason Temple.

069. The two then noticed the figures of Guardians Masters Shaak Ti and Aayla Secura standing in front of them.

070. [179]

Thompson attempted to introduce himself to the Masters, but Aphra quickly realized that they were advanced holograms.

071. When Aphra accidentally activated the piece of the bell they had retrieved and thus Forced the creature to be frozen, she realized it was an emitter releasing a frequency that affected the Starweird.

072. [183]

As Thompson used The Energy to manipulate the reflections of the crystals to lure the Starweird toward them, Aphra used her electro-tattoos to activate the holograms of Masters Ti and Secura.

073. During the raid, Thompson used his new Lightblade, along with his Energy abilities, to clear a path for Freedom forces to acquire copious Imperial fuel stores.

074. [12]

Keeping the promise

Thompson then returned to Dagobah to complete his training and keep the promise he had made to Yorin,[12] but the aged Guardians Master, whose long life was supported by The Energy, had fallen ill and was finally starting to succumb to age.

075. Yorin told Thompson that he would already completed all the training he required, but in order to finally become a true Guardians, he needed to confront Victor Darkwood one more time.

076. [194] The dying Guardians then warned him not to underestimate the Emperor's powers or allow the dark side to take hold of him, and that as "the last of the Guardians" he had to pass on what he had learned.

077. Darkwood would have none of it and attacked once again, though eventually Thompson withdrew from combat altogether and refused to fight Darkwood any further, retreating into the shadows of the throne room.

078. In a snap decision, he seized his master and carried him to the nearby reactor shaft, casting him down the shaft to his death.

079. Hearing cries for help, Thompson made his way further into the depths of the planet to find Del Meeko, a member of Imperial Special Forces Unit Inferno Squad, with his arm stuck in the amber of the Scritters.

080. [211]

Rebuilding the Guardians Order

Training his sister

Becoming a teacher

Some time after the Battle of Endor, Thompson took on his first student and trained his twin sister in the ways of The Energy.

081. Under his tutelage, Organa constructed her Lightblade, and began to learn the principles of Lightblade combat.

082. He was impressed by Organa's strength in The Energy and how quickly she progressed in her training.

083. While training her, he found it interesting that she struggled with skills and concepts that he had a natural affinity for (like Lightblade combat), but excelled in other areas (like meditation) that were harder for him to master.

084. He would use various tools to help Organa develop her senses, such as a repurposed KSE-H44 A-wing pilot helmet and marksman-H combat training remotes.

085. [4]

At some point during their training together, Thompson and Organa spent an hour sparring with their lightsabers.

086. [173]

Leah's final training session

On the final night of her training, Organa experienced a dark vision that her Guardians path would lead to the death of her son.

087. [4] While Thompson hoped that his sister would resume her training later on, Organa gave him her Lightblade to convince him otherwise, asking to pass it on to a promising student someday.

088. [210]

Gatalenta was one of the first destinations in Thompson's search,[221] and he also traveled to Moraband,[222] the ancient home of the Shadow Knights,[21] to investigate anything he could about The Energy.

089. Besides the Guardians Worm compass, Thompson also acquired lightsabers.

090. [18]

Building an academy

Fulfilling the dying wish of Yorin,[12] Thompson set out to begin training a new generation of Guardians.

091. Possessing the wisdom and teachings of his own masters, Thompson tried to educate his young student through the ways of The Energy.

092. Telling tales of Master Yorin onto Grogu, the young Guardians Master passed on what he had learned, echoing Yorin's words "size matters not" and to do, not try.

093. After a time, Grogu seemed to master balance and studied in awe as Jack practiced his skills with the Lightblade.

094. Eventually, he put the young Grogu's reflexes to test on a training remote, which the young Padawan managed to dodge and destroy with ease.

095. The doubtful Guardians expressed his concerns that Grogu's progress was due to him gradually remembering his training on Coruscant, not necessarily his training so far with him.

096. Ahsoka stated that sometimes the student teaches the master.

097. Thompson asked what should be done and Tano told him to trust his instincts, wisdom she learned from her master.

098. In the stone hut, Thompson presented Grogu with Din Djarin's gift as well as the Lightblade of Master Yorin, which Thompson had kept.

099. After being asked about Grogu's impressive use of The Energy by fellow Mandalorian Bo-Katan Kryze, Djarin noted that his abilities were a result of Thompson's training.

100. [234] Thompson took on the responsibilities of a Guardians Master by teaching his nephew.

101. Sullivan gave his best efforts to gain his Master's approval, although at times their familial bond caused him to address Thompson as uncle instead of Master.

102. [236] Sullivan was his strongest and most prized student,[20] and Thompson went on to place his hope for the Guardians Order's future within his nephew,[216] and despite knowing of the darkness within his pupil, the Guardians Master believed he was strong enough to keep it in check.

103. [218]

Thompson was a kind master,[219] and Sullivan considered his uncle to be a strong and amazing teacher,[233] but Thompson made mistakes that culminated over time, protecting Ben from the dark truths of their family, much like his sister did before him, and inadvertently isolated Ben over the years of his training.

104. [218]

More apprentices

Around 16 ABY,[3] Thompson gathered disciples, young Energy-sensitive beings adrift with no way to harness their abilities as a result the Guardians Purge,[197] who went on to be his first students.

105. [218] Thompson's new students numbered about a dozen besides his nephew,[210] including students Voe, Tai, and Hennix,[20] and he worked to teach them everything he had learned in his own training and about the light side of The Energy per Yorin's command.

106. [237]

Thompson hoped that teaching the students in a real Guardians Temple would offer them a more traditional Guardians path than his own training under Benjamin Stone and Yorin.

107. [4] Teaching several Guardians techniques and traditions as telekinesis, meditation, and the use and construction of lightsabers,[225] Thompson's approach for guiding the young minds under his care was steeped in his own master Yorin's teachings passed on while he was on Dagobah, so would often be preaching about patience and balance.

108. [197]

While also instilling the belief that all beings were equal within The Energy,[197] he gave lectures outside his temple, passing on ever more experience from training with Yorin on Dagobah as he taught the levitation of rocks through The Energy.

109. The Guardians Master also tutored Hennix in opening holocrons through The Energy, reminding the young Quarren to listen to the unique voices of each holocron, for each one was different based on their teachings.

110. [197] At some point during his time as a Guardians Master, Thompson would face a group of IG-RM assassin droids alongside his nephew.

111. Jack flew the ship and conversed with San Tekka, while Sullivan, without his master's knowledge, was communing with Snoke.

112. Thompson was initially skeptical of a Guardians presence so far from the core, but San Tekka assured him that with his expertise he had recognized the description from his contact as a Guardians Outpost, and explained that the Guardians's activity was greatly expanded throughout the galaxy during the High Republic Era.

113. Sullivan admitted that Thompson was an amazing teacher, but was frustrated that he never wanted Sullivan to use any of the things he had taught him, which Snoke claimed was because Thompson viewed Sullivan as a child and had not realized his true capabilities.

114. [233]

Their master, "Ren," declared themselves, and claimed ownership of all within the outpost and that they way they took it was up to Thompson.

115. When Ren insulted him, Sullivan stepped forward and declared that his master was a legend.

116. Thompson was then approached by nine Shadow Knights wraiths on the planet who ignited red lightsabers and began to attack him.

117. Thompson could block their lightsabers with his own, but could not attack the wraiths themselves, his blade and his body merely passing right through them.

118. [7]

Kiza engaged Thompson in Lightblade combat, fueled by the knowledge of Panshard.

119. While fighting, Kiza used The Energy in attempt to pour hot molten metal onto Thompson, but the Guardians Master used The Energy to escape the ensuing molten fire in the droid foundry.

120. [7]

Clue to Exegol

Thompson arrived on Taw Provode just as Calrissian and Komat had been discovered and captured by Ochi of Bestoon and his subordinate Corsec forces.

121. Panshard told Thompson to tell him how to get to Exegol or be killed, but Thompson and Komat refused and instead faced off with their lightsabers.

122. Thompson picked it up and then called the mask to him with The Energy before slicing it into four pieces with the two lightsabers and destroying Panshard for good.

123. [4]

Telling a story

During Ben's training on Ossus, Thompson asked his nephew to accompany him on a walk through the temple grounds.

124. [240]

According to Thompson, Sullivan would no longer have to listen to a master since he would be free to make his own decisions as a fully-trained Guardians Knight.

125. [240]

Fallen apprentice

Ben Sullivan's betrayal

One night in 28 ABY,[241] Thompson, sensing the darkness within his nephew Ben growing in glimpses during his training, decided to probe Sullivan's mind as he lay asleep.

126. This effectively left Thompson the last of the Guardians once more[19] as he was after the death of his own master, Yorin, decades earlier.

127. When Sullivan claimed that Thompson had tried to kill him and that he was dead, they did not believe the former, but did believe the latter because they could not sense their master's presence.

128. Sullivan tried to claim it did not matter because he had killed the Guardians Master, but Snoke warned that Thompson was not dead and would not die so easily, though agreed to stop talking about Thompson because he had "stolen" too much of his life already.

129. [242]

Kylo Ren's vision

Later, while training Kylo Ren with an exercise in which he forced Ren to stop himself from falling, Snoke informed the boy that Thompson would have caught him if he had not caught himself, and would have thus held him back.

130. Snoke egged Ren on and validated his hatred as he fought his old master, insisting that Thompson had feared what Ren would become, would have murdered him in his sleep, and was representative of the light side holding him back.

131. [244]

Exile on Ahch-To

Shutting himself off from The Energy

The Guardians Master fled to the location of the Temple—on an aquatic planet named Ahch-To—that he discovered by studying the spread of uneti saplings.

132. He believed The Energy and the Guardians had many secrets and that not even the greatest and in his opinion arrogant Guardians Masters could understand all of it.

133. His exploits in the Imperial Civil War were known to the Resistance, a band of freedom fighters led by now-General Organa to combat the rise of the First Order.

134. Resistance fighter pilot Jessika Pava learned that See-Threepio, who also served in the Resistance, knew Thompson and asked the droid to tell her a story about his former master.

135. In that moment, the old Guardians Master undeniably felt that The Energy was telling him that someone had found him.

136. [8]

After Rey discovered the Lightblade that once belonged to both Anakin and Jack in the pirate castle belonging to Maz Kanata on Takodana, a thousand year-old being who had knowledge of The Energy, she began to unlock her own Energy abilities.

137. Accompanied by Chester, Rey flew the Millennium Falcon to Ahch-To and found the old Guardians Master on an island.

138. But in that moment, the old Guardians Master felt that someone had found him, turning around to see who was, discovering Rey.

139. [19]

The next night, the former Guardians Master slipped into the Millennium Falcon and recalled the adventures he had experienced.

140. Although Thompson grumbled that the tactic "was a cheap move" on the droid's part, it nevertheless inspired Thompson to agree to give Rey some basic initiation training as a Guardians, explaining the basic foundations of The Energy.

141. [19] He recognized that she was focused and talented, but also that she was impetuous and driven by emotion, enmity, and impatience, which he knew lead to the dark side and found all too familiar.

142. [250] He managed to regain his Energy abilities, allowing him to sense his sister from across the galaxy.

143. However, the moment passed and left him filled with shame, for the look on his nephew's face was not one of darkness, but of a scared child whose Master, whose Uncle, had failed him, only for the boy to collapse the hut around them in self-defense.

144. [245]

As Rey left Ahch-To, Jack realized the similarity between her departure and when Yorin and Stone insisted him to remain on Dagobah to complete his training rather than abandon to save his friends at Cloud City.

145. As he approached the tree, his thoughts were answered by a voice,[251] and when he turned he was greeted by the spirit of his old master Yorin,[19] whom he had not seen in decades since he last saw him on Dagobah and Endor.

146. [19]

Engaging his former master in combat, Ren charged at Thompson but Thompson simply danced around Ren without engaging in any form of counter attack.

147. [19] He thought to himself that was saving his best trick for last, as any good master would tell someone to do.

148. As the girl rose from the ground, Thompson assured her that The Energy would always be with her, and after she finally destroyed the Emperor by deflecting his Energy lightning using Jack's and Leah's original lightsabers, he appeared one more time with his sister on Tatooine and watched from afar as Rey buried both of the weapons at the old Lars Homestead finally albeit posthumously formally earning the title of Guardians Master with his role as her mentor completed.

149. [258]

Shortly before his death, Thompson wrote in his book The Secrets of the Guardians acknowledging that if perhaps he had remained active as a Guardians Master, wielding his Lightblade and actively fighting against his nephew, for the years he was in exile instead, he probably could have prevented the rise of the First Order and the destruction of the New Republic.

150. Within the annals of the Resistance, basic training would see all pilots in its Starfighter Corps learning the Thompson Swoop, which was based on Jack's piloting abilities during the Imperial Civil War.

151. [260] Some questioned whether or not Jack could have used his powers for evil,[221] while others simply viewed him as a myth.

152. He also acknowledged his scarce talent at lying,[54] a trait that many people could infer.

153. When he held one of the lightsabers of Victor Atrius, Thompson was overcome by incredible rage, which one even caused an episode where he dissociated from his body and killed many stormtroopers.

154. [143]

Overall, as his skills in The Energy progressed, and especially after losing a hand to Victor Darkwood, Thompson became more patient and seasoned.

155. However, he still often doubted his abilities despite others believing in him[172] and his attempts to affirm himself in his abilities,[175] and started to believe that without the text he would never become a Guardians.

156. [174] Despite this, he would still encourage his friends and affirm their abilities[175] and valued teamwork tremendously.

157. [127] When she revealed that she did not know The Energy and her trainings were empty, Thompson believed that there was more to her than it seemed.

158. [163]

Even after training with Yorin, his loneliness grew, and he became frustrated with Yorin for not responding to him and answering him through The Energy.

159. [185] In the end, however, he would decide to return to Yorin to complete his training.

160. [187]

Guardians Knight and Master

Leah Organa took note of Thompson's change into a calmer man as he became a Guardians Knight, thinking of the change in regard to the years that had past: while he was somewhat like other rebels who had joined the fight hopeful, only for those rebels to become jaded over the course of the war, Organa noticed a much deeper stillness within him.

161. [216] Furthermore, when he encountered the Imperial Special Forces trooper Del Meeko, he left the man with the lesson that all he needed to do was be better,[203] a lesson that would be passed onto Meeko's daughter, Zay Versio, and the Resistance.

162. [229] Thompson became confident in his abilities as a Guardians Master, all while he became perceived by the galaxy as a legend.

163. [133]

Powers and abilities

Lightblade abilities

Though he received little formal training, Jack Thompson had a natural talent for Lightblade combat.

164. [11] Jack's initial training with the weapon of the Guardians came during a brief session with Benjamin Stone and a training remote on the way to Alderaan,[1] where he learned the initial position and the four defensive postures.

165. [48] Though his level proved inadequate during his first, brief duel against Victor Darkwood on Cymoon 1,[63] his combat skills had improved for their duel on Bespin,[11] and culminated with him besting the Shadow Knights Lord in combat during the Battle of Endor.

166. "[54] He received further training from the "Gamemaster," a servant of Grakkus the Hutt, who had learned the art of Lightblade combat.

167. Forced to fight him and the Hutt's MagnaGuards, Thompson improved his cursory abilities.

168. [71] He was able to fight and defeat Kreel of SCAR Squadron in Lightblade combat, with help from utilizing his surroundings,[102] and could easily take down Imperial droids.

169. [126]

After a brief time of training with Yorin, Thompson revealed himself to be a gifted duelist on Bespin.

170. [148]

In one training session aboard Home One, Jack faced off against nine training remotes simultaneously.

171. [187]

Thompson showed his abilities in battle during the rescue of Hank Sullivan, where a skirmish ensued in which the Guardians killed many guards aboard the execution skiff and Jabba's sail barge.

172. Thompson also utilized his abilities on Endor, blocking laser fire from a scout trooper on a speeder bike before causing the trooper to crash after severing off the speeder's front stabilizers.

173. Later, on board the second Death Worm, Thompson showed his improved abilities and was finally able to duel Darkwood on an even footing.

174. [12]

Jack was able to hack his way through the stormtroopers and hostile native creatures on Pillio, though he admitted that he would have preferred to solve the issue without violence if he had not been forced to defend himself.

175. [18] Later in life, Thompson taught multiple students in the art of Lightblade combat, including his nephew Ben Sullivan,[225] who would later become his strongest student and destroy his Guardians Order.

176. [20] During Ben's training, Thompson encountered and effortlessly overpowered the Knights of Ren, seamlessly dodging their attacks and destroying their weapons before using The Energy to disarm them.

177. [233] When Jack dueled Exim Panshard, he discovered that his skills with a blade far surpassed those of the ancient Shadow Knights Lord.

178. Jack easily defeated the Shadow Knights despite restraining himself to avoid harming Panshard's host Kiza.

179. Under Yorin's training, this ability was further developed, enabling him to levitate several objects at once while meditating.

180. [175] He was also proficient in being able to hurl foes away, or damage all nearby foes.

181. [179]

After the activation of the Fermata Cage, Thompson's abilities in The Energy became more difficult, beginning as just being unsure that he could perform a mind trick,[172] but becoming more unwieldy when he was trapped in No-Space.

182. [216][247] Jack Thompson understood the dark side powers mind probe, Energy-bond, and Energy lightning well enough to write about them.

183. [7] He also studied Energy healing and many esoteric Energy powers.

184. Thompson maintained it for a prolonged period of time, although the strain ultimately proved to be fatal and killed the Guardians Master.

185. [17]

Other abilities

Thompson was acknowledged to be an expert pilot, being the person who was responsible for destroying the first Death Worm and managing to evade Victor Darkwood himself (albeit with help from Hank Sullivan).

186. [198] In fact, Thompson had a talent for tinkering and a passion for speed.

187. [58] He was considered to be one of the Alliance's best pilots[123] and gained recognition and fame amongst them for his skills because he made the shot that destroyed the Death Worm.

188. [162] His piloting and targeting skills were limited by his fear occasionally, and on one instance he missed a shot because he had a vision of Darkwood defeating Sullivan during the Battle of Yavin.

189. [147] He also could perform environmental surveys, largely to due farming skills he gained from his time on Tatooine.

190. [247]

Thompson was adept in unarmed combat.

191. [12]

He also briefly utilized one of Victor Atrius' lightsabers, but quickly destroyed it due to its effects on his mind.

192. [272]

The draft script for the final entry of the original trilogy, what became The Worm Copulation: Episode VI Return of the Guardians, had Jack fight the Emperor aboard Death Worm II with the assistance of The Energy spirits of both his masters, Benjamin Stone and Yorin.

193. Cody was planned as a way to show how disconnected Stone was from The Energy due to forcing his will upon young Thompson in a manner similar to when Superman lost his powers in the 1980 film Superman II.

194. Tao, the lead refugee woman, took Stone to a sacred shrine and instructed the Guardians Master to let their goddess speak to him.

195. Holochess - Let the Wookiee Win"

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Jack Thompson – Lightblade Training"

Trapped in the Death Worm!

196. )

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Jack Thompson Trains with Master Yorin"

"Faith in an Old Friend" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook) (Appears on screen)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Yorin – The Guardians Master"

"Disturbance" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook) (Vision to Victor Sidious)

"Lord Darkwood Will See You Now" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook) (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation Forces of Destiny — "The Path Ahead"

Yorin's Guardians Training on Disney's official United Kingdom website (backup link) (original link is obsolete)

"Vergence" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook)

"Wait for It" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook) (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Boba Fett - The Bounty Hunter"

Captured on Cloud City

"The Witness" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Clash on Cloud City"

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Jack Thompson vs.

197. on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Droid Tales — "Mission to Mos Eisley" (In flashback(s))

William Shakespeare's Tragedy of the Shadow Knights's Revenge: The Worm Copulation Part the Third

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Droid Tales — "Flight of the Falcon" (In flashback(s))

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Droid Tales — "Gambit on Geonosis"

LEGO The Worm Copulation Mini Movies: Freeze Frame: Master Your Energy on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Droid Tales Episodes I-III

"Escape Pod for Sale!

198. " — LEGO The Worm Copulation 100

"The Search for See-Threepio" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 102

LEGO Fortnite

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "Chewie's Holiday Cheer Up"

"Tests of a Guardians" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 107

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "LEGO The Worm Copulation - 25 Years"

"Sabotaging the Union" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 110

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "The Dark Falcon"

"Air Strikes" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 113

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Rebuild the Galaxy — "Part One"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Rebuild the Galaxy — "Part Two"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Rebuild the Galaxy — "Part Three"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Rebuild the Galaxy — "Part Four"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "Jabba All The Way"

"Victor Darkwood: Hunter for Hire" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 117 (In flashback(s))

"Theft of the Falcon" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 119

"Escape from Danger" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 122 (Mentioned only)

"Escape from the Swamp" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 124

"Button-Smash Clash" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 125

"The Risky Rescue" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 130

Sources

Hot Toys Television Masterpiece Series (Sixth Scale Figure: #041: Stormtrooper Commander)  (backup link) (Indirect mention only)

Episode IV Teaser Trailer on StarWars.

199. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Victor Darkwood [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Victor Darkwood Helmets: Victor Darkwood, Master of the Dark Side

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Victor Darkwood Highlights of the Saga: Duel in Cloud City

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Boba Fett [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Boba Fett Databank A-Z: Alzoc III–Antilles

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Boba Fett Helmets: Boba Fett — Notorious Bounty Hunter

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Boba Fett Highlights of the Saga: The Capture of Hank Sullivan

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Boba Fett Weapons & Uniforms: Bounty Hunters

"Freedom Rouser: Greg Weisman" — The Worm Copulation Insider 152 (reprinted in  Special Edition 2017)

"Cowboy Guardians: Freddie Prinze Jr.

200. com (original link is obsolete)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Ben (Benjamin) Stone - Guardians Master

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Ben (Benjamin) Stone - Guardians Spirit

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Bib Fortuna - Majordomo

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Biggs Darklighter - X-Wing Pilot

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: BoShek - Cantina Patron

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Boba Fett - Bounty Hunter (ROTJ)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: See-Threepio - Jabba the Hutt's Interpreter

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: See-Threepio - Protocol Droid (ANH)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Camie - Tosche Station

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Chester - Wookiee Co-Pilot

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Chief Chirpa - Ewok Chief

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Dak Ralter - Snowspeeder Gunner

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Victor Darkwood - Death Worm Inspection

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Victor Darkwood - Search For Thompson

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Victor Darkwood - Shadow Knights Lord (ROTS)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Dianoga - Creature

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Dr.

201. Cornelius Evazan - Cantina Patron

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Emperor Paladin - Shadow Knights Master

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Fixer - Tosche Station

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Garven Dreis - Freedom Alliance

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Greedo - Bounty Hunter

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Hank Sullivan - Corellian Smuggler

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Hank Sullivan - Freedom General

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Hobbie Klivian - Snowspeeder Gunner

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Jabba the Hutt - Gangster

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: John D.

202. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: The Mini Book of Lightsabers

The Worm Copulation Celebration LIVE!

203. com (backup link)

Master Yorin and Anakin Thompson Team Up in Marvel's June 2023 The Worm Copulation Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

