Тема: relationships
Описание: Отношения с другими персонажами, друзья, враги, союзники
Персонаж: Jack_Thompson
Оригинальное имя: Luke_Skywalker
Количество предложений: 205
============================================================

001. Longing for a life of adventure and purpose, Thompson joined the Rebellion and began learning the ways of The Energy under the guidance of Guardians Master Benjamin Stone, whose first apprentice was Jack's own father.

002. By 15 ABY, Thompson had taken on Ben Sullivan, his sister's son who inherited the family bloodline in The Energy and had the potential for limitless power, as an apprentice.

003. Before his death, Thompson declared that the Guardians Order would not die with him, having trained a final apprentice: the Jakku scavenger known as Rey.

004. The Guardians apprentice had exiled herself to Ahch-To, following in Thompson's example.

005. He eventually found an apparition of Amidala standing on a balcony, who rejected his pleas and threw itself off the ledge and was incinerated by lightning.

006. [29]

Jack did some work on Owen's speeder and accidentally broke it, so he was marched into a repair shop with Owen to have it fixed.

007. The following day, Stone stopped by to meet with Owen, who allowed Stone to finally meet the young Thompson.

008. Alongside Biggs Darklighter and his other friends, Thompson flew his T-16 skyhopper for a joyride through Beggar's Canyon.

009. [33]

Some time after grounding Thompson from flying his skyhopper, Lars attempted to rebuild his relationship with his nephew by looking to help him fix it.

010. [35] When Thompson was 12 years old in 7 BBY,[36] he and his friend, Windy went off on their own through the Tatooine desert and wandered away from the moisture farms riding a dewback.

011. [34]

As more of Thompson's friends left the planet to follow their dreams, he became increasingly frustrated that his uncle would not allow him to do the same, claiming that he still needed help with the farm.

012. Stone had just defeated and killed the former Shadow Knights apprentice Maul, who had a vendetta against Stone after being bisected at the torso during the Invasion of Naboo thirty years earlier.

013. [38]

When not helping his uncle, Thompson would occasionally go bulls-eye womp rats, or go racing through the dangerous Beggar's Canyon in his T-16 skyhopper by the age of thirteen.

014. [6] He would also spend time at Tosche Station with his friends, such as Biggs Darklighter,[1] "Fixer," Camie Marstrap,[39] Windy, and Deak;[6] some of them called him "Wormie.

015. [44] Nonetheless, Thompson was then eager to tell his friend of his recent exploits aboard his skyhopper in Beggar's Canyon, which Darklighter was amused by.

016. Thompson initially refused to get involved, as he believed his duties at home were more important, but he offered to take Stone to Anchorhead.

017. [1]

The two were eventually able to find a pilot that could take them to Alderaan in the form of Hank Sullivan, a Corellian smuggler, and his co-pilot Chester.

018. [1]

Death Worm rescue

The lesson, however, was soon interrupted by their arrival in the Alderaan system and their discovery of the planet's destruction.

019. [6] Despite the fact that they had escaped from the Death Worm, a pursing TIE fighter patrol was on the verge of catching up to them, so at Sullivan's request, Thompson manned one of the Millennium Falcon's quad laser cannons to eliminate the enemy fighters, with Thompson managing to destroy two of them.

020. After bidding farewell to Organa as well, Thompson was about to board his T-65B X-wing starfighter, when he encountered his old friend, Biggs Darklighter, the two about to be flying as wingmen in the upcoming battle.

021. Thompson was also approached by Garven Dreis, the commander of Red Squadron, who asked him if he was sure he could handle the X-wing, to which Darklighter vouched for his friend, calling him the "best bush pilot in the Outer Rim Territories.

022. Eventually, Victor Darkwood himself joined the fray in a TIE Advanced x1 and succeeded in thwarting the first two attack runs.

023. Unable to grieve for his fallen friend, Thompson tried to focus on his target.

024. [56]

Sullivan decided to participate anyway and, unbeknownst to his friend, took some money with which they should have bought supplies and bought a swoop.

025. Sullivan, helped by his friend, was able to win the race, and they could eventually pay Razian for the supplies.

026. Using what Stone had taught him on the Falcon, Thompson gradually managed to pass the exercises after a few days, only to find himself surrounded by Imperials with orders to apprehend him and his fugitive starfighter, using Farnay as a hostage.

027. Thompson eventually kept his promise to Farnay and returned to Devaron accompanied by See-Threepio and Artoo.

028. As Thompson meditated on the planet, he began to hear the voice of her friend and companion Freedom Leah Organa.

029. [61]

Around this the rebellion eventually temporarily settled on the planet Kudo.

030. However, he was drawn to caged slaves, whom he proceeded to free, and guided them to a rendezvous with Sullivan and Organa, when they were alerted of Darkwood's arrival by Chester.

031. Though Chancellor Mothma was unwilling to send a team of Rebels on a suicide mission despite Thompson's importance to the Rebellion, Chester and Threepio—who remained with the fleet while Sullivan and Organa were on their own mission—volunteered to rescue their captured friend.

032. The Kreel also told him that the Guardians Temple no longer existed, as it had been converted into the Imperial Palace—so whatever Thompson was hoping to find was gone, as were the other Guardians temples in the galaxy.

033. Thompson was saved by the timely arrival of Grakkus, who Kreel attacked as Thompson got away.

034. [70]

Thompson regrouped with Sullivan, Organa, Chester, and the droids, all of whom ultimately traveled to Nar Shaddaa to rescue their captive friend.

035. Thompson sensed that Darkwood was the pilot of the enemy starfighter, made a run towards him, and crashed his X-wing fighter into the Shadow Knights Lord's TIE Advanced.

036. He tried to concentrate, but he was interrupted by what he thought was Threepio's arrival.

037. However Victor Darkwood, who had a rivalry with Karbin, used The Energy to crash the shuttle Thompson was kept in.

038. With her place as a friend of the Alliance confirmed, Thompson and his allies returned Davane to her home on Skorii-Lei.

039. [88]

Like the Guardians Master before him, Thompson was able to navigate through the planet's heavy debris field and land on the surface, where he encountered Garro, the last remaining native human, who initially wanted to use Thompson's life Energy to kill the few remaining giant children.

040. By playing off Thompson's hopes to be better with The Energy and a true Guardians Knight, Aphra convinced an initially hesitant Jack to visit the Screaming Citadel with her, explaining that that introducing him to the Queen of Ktath'atn as a Guardians would convince the Queen to reactive the crystal for them.

041. Varroa ordered all the guests to leave but allowed Thompson and his companion to stay so that the Queen could hear his request in the morning, Aphra telling him he did great.

042. Starros attempted to shoot Aphra, but Thompson blocked the blast with his Lightblade, claiming that she was a good person and his friend, he willingly went with her, and he knew what he was doing, despite Organa's attempts to call his decision unwise and threats to court-martial him if he did not follow orders.

043. Thompson eventually tore free of the machine and in the ensuing struggle managed to re-arm himself with his Lightblade.

044. Finally, Thompson told her to stay away from them.

045. [93]

Ashes of Jedha

Having traveled throughout the galaxy with his friends, Jack and his fellow rebels journeyed to what remained of the moon Jedha, the site of one of the Death Worm's tests.

046. Moving to NaJedha, the planet that Jedha orbited, Jack met Chulco Gi, an aspirant to the Disciples of the Whills, someone who could potentially guide him in learning about The Energy.

047. Entering a chasm alongside Gi, the duo were attacked by a sand slug, a giant, normally herbivorous animal negatively influenced by the Dark Side of The Energy.

048. Able to slay the beast, Thompson and Gi were finally confronted by the Central Isopter, who claimed that they had come to join them "in the shadow of death.

049. Eventually leading the officer to the crawler's hangar, Thompson activated an ion torpedo, which shut down Kanchar's cybernetics and allowed Jack to knock him out.

050. Having saved what remained of Jedha and made allies in the form of the Partisans and Queen Trios, Jack and his friends left Jedha.

051. They eventually made it back to the Falcon and then to the Mako-Ta Space Docks that the Rebellion was using as a production center, where Thompson rejected going drinking with Sullivan.

052. Eventually, Thompson and the agent arrested the mercenary leader and tracked down the last members of Malachor Company, who had holed up in an empty village.

053. Thompson gradually discovered Imperial logs detailing how Malachor Company had been hired by the Imperial Security Bureau and were tasked with forcibly relocating natives to make room for Project Hidden Eye.

054. [115]

Shu-Torun

Eventually, Organa presented an idea to Thompson, Sullivan, and Chester to take down Shu-Torun and all of its facilities.

055. While Organa recruited the remaining Partisans there, Thompson went to the Temple of the Central Isopter with Sullivan in the hopes of receiving advice from them about the dangers of The Energy and controlling his anger but was surprised to find it empty, especially knowing that the cult hunted disasters like Jedha was experiencing and wanted to be around them.

056. On the Falcon, Organa explained to Thompson and the others her plan to destroy a massive tower called the Spike, thus systematically causing the destruction of the rest of the planet's infrastructure.

057. [119]

Eventually, Organa contacted Thompson and told him they were prepared to perform the slice of the shields around the Spike and told him to get ready to storm it and place bombs.

058. After making it to hyperspace, Thompson asked what they would do about the Partisans, who he called traitorous, them all eventually deciding to drop them off on Salobea.

059. He spent hours attempting to find pods released by the Worm Destroyer, eventually trying and failing to use The Energy to find them, before finding a town and deciding to check it out.

060. [124]

Eventually the speeder Thompson and Calip were in was deactivated from afar by the owner and the two introduced themselves to each other.

061. However, she was really using the opportunity to steal his Lightblade and run off, which Thompson quickly realized, screaming out for her.

062. [128] While deflecting the stormtroopers blasterfire with his Lightblade, Thompson got in the speeder with Calip and they left, Thompson joking that he used a Guardians mind trick on her and pointing out that in seemed like she was like his friend Sullivan and helping for more than just the money.

063. When Thompson revealed he was going to K43, Calip revealed that she did not actually know much about The Energy and had not really taught Thompson anything, warning he would die if he went to face Darkwood.

064. [129] After Chester knocked Darkwood down into a chasm, Thompson ran to his friend.

065. [130]

Thompson eventually reunited with Artoo at his X-wing, but Darkwood was there too, with his Lightblade ignited.

066. Organa claimed the reason for this was that he had plans and did not just show up and hope for the best like Sullivan, but Thompson decided that was all you needed when you had friends as he watched with a smile as Calip pickpocketed someone.

067. Thompson began to reflect on his fear of what the darkness would do to him psychologically, referring both to the literal situation they were in and the general darkness in the galaxy he faced.

068. [11] Master and apprentice then had an encounter with a raging elephoth, which Thompson managed to calm by leading her to her child.

069. [11]

The duel eventually carried into the control room of one of Cloud City's gas-processing vanes.

070. [11]

Horrified by Darkwood's shocking revelation, Thompson initially denounced the Shadow Knights Lord's claim as untrue and impossible, but Darkwood insisted that they both knew that it was the truth.

071. [11][141] Unwilling to join Darkwood but too weak to fight back, Thompson took the only option he had left, and allowed himself to fall down the reactor shaft, being sucked through several vents and eventually being deposited to the outside of the floating city.

072. Though he managed to grab onto a weather vane to avoid falling to his death, he knew he was unable to stay there forever, especially in his weakened state.

073. Thompson wanted to begin searching for his friend immediately, but Organa told him that there was more at stake than just Sullivan's life and it would be best to reconvene with the Freedom fleet first.

074. Although unsure whether it would help his mental state, especially that he was not feeling like himself, Thompson agreed.

075. He enlisted the help of ugnaughts to find it but realized that it would likely be impossible to recover his Lightblade before finally deciding to search for it through The Energy.

076. Lando introduced his friend Lobot and Thompson revealed that he knew that Organa was in a hangar there.

077. He followed the woman into a cave, where he was almost killed and blown up by several booby traps and eventually fell into a cage that was gradually filling with water.

078. She revealed that she had spent her entire life on the run from the Inquisitors and Darkwood and had finally given up on Barr's wishes and had decided to live a normal life.

079. There, Thompson noticed something was off with Organa, who revealed that she was perturbed by the amount of hate Zahra seemed to have for her.

080. Darkwood suspected it had not and considered Thompson weak, believing the fledgling Guardians had not accomplished anything without the help of his friends, who Darkwood believed he allowed to survive.

081. [152]

On the planet, Thompson watched as Chester met with his contact Sagwa, See-Threepio explaining that he and Chester used to be old friends and translating that Sagwa believed a new victor in the Garkata Fighting Arena was Boba Fett.

082. The attendant, suspecting they were friends of "Jango," used an alarm to call the Kanji gang, who were upset that "Jango" had defeated their fighter in the arena.

083. [152]

Afterward, R2 finally gave his message to Thompson via See-Threepio, revealing that he had found a list of former Guardians outposts across the galaxy in his databanks that he seemingly acquired on the Death Worm.

084. After traveling through hyperspace to Ab Dalis, Freyta Smyth and Antilles explained that it was chosen as a Freedom rendezvous point because it was abandoned after a cataclysmic impact make it tectonically unstable hundreds of years earlier.

085. Unsure whether Organa could still hear him, he warned that Darkwood was potentially coming after Sullivan, having realized that his vision on Ab Dalis might have been a warning and a premonition.

086. He began to accept the fact that he would have to face Darkwood on Jekara to protect his friends but did not feel ready.

087. Finally given a window to approach the planet, he told Organa he was approaching as she told him to hurry.

088. Despite having the perfect opportunity to shoot at and kill Darkwood, Thompson could not do it after what he had revealed at Cloud City, but knew he would eventually need to face him.

089. With Darkwood reveling in making Thompson feel fear due to his friends lives being put in danger, Thompson cried out as the shuttle containing Sullivan was fired at by Hutt and Imperial fighters.

090. Colli asked him if he was really a Guardians, to which Thompson explained that he was trying to be.

091. [169]

Thompson eventually arrived in the Works District of Coruscant, two Freedom agents seeing him off.

092. [171]

Search for the Kezarat convoy

Later, Thompson took a break with Organa, Calrissian, Lobot, Chester, and Amilyn Holdo at the latter's friend's house on the planet Spira.

093. Eventually, Calrissian pushed Chester into the pool, sending a wave toward Thompson that he held back and redirected with The Energy while still reading with a smile.

094. Meanwhile, Holdo tried to convince Organa to relax especially since they were by handsome men.

095. [172]

Later, back at Holdo's friend's house, Holdo explained that she was planning to go after the Kezarat convoy, which Organa had suspected.

096. Thompson asked if it was because it got hit by raiders because it was such a sought-after target, but Holdo revealed it actually disappeared during a storm in hyperspace caused by the Nihil.

097. She hoped that the last message sent by the convoy that was thought to be nonsense was actually navigational data designed only to communicate with a Path engine and that both together could take them to the convoy.

098. [172]

The lost colony

Thompson and his friends did not recognize No-Space and had no idea where they were, but Thompson expressed that while he had not traveled as much as they had, he knew the galaxy had strange things in it.

099. The kid eventually advised them to hide and ran off, and Thompson sensed with The Energy that the kid was terrified and did not know where he was going.

100. Aphra then claimed that she was going to actually do him a huge favor.

101. As they traversed the temple, illusions started to make the two believe the other was saying things they were not, leading to Thompson lashing out at Aphra for always treating things like a joke and questioning her on why she was not using her electro-tattoos, and Aphra believing Thompson had referenced her and Sana Starros' breakup, though in reality, Thompson had no idea that they had been in a relationship.

102. Just then, the creature they had seen earlier burst through the wall, and Aphra realized that Sason Temple was really a Guardians prison.

103. The Starweird threw them onto the wall telekinetically, but Thompson recognized that it was not using The Energy.

104. Thompson eventually pulled himself up and shot at the creature, saying he would keep it if she died right before Aphra sliced the creature's hand off, which Thompson commented did not feel good.

105. Gretta introduced Thompson to Cuata, and though he was initially concerned that the doctor thought the crystals were talking to him, apologized and asked for his help with his broken Lightblade after Gretta assured Thompson he could trust Cuata.

106. He believed it was not real, but still asked Yorin why he never answered when he reached out to him with The Energy especially since he was hurt and trying to learn.

107. Yorin told Thompson that it was not really gone even when it was out of sight, waved his hand, and sent Thompson out of the vision, wishing him goodbye.

108. Yorin, who had been really speaking to Thompson the whole time, asked the spirit of Stone what he thought.

109. Thompson explained that he had never heard of that happening but thought it could potentially be possible.

110. When he went to Zastiga, he and Artoo were the ones to greet Organa on her arrival to the planet after she and See-Threepio left the Mellcrawler, piloted by its owner Nien Nunb and Lieutenant Caluan Ematt.

111. His Freedom companions became awed at his use, although one of them, the major in charge of the operation, held reservations about its power as he had only previously seen such power being wielded by the Shadow Knights.

112. While his friends bustled about preparing for the rescue, Thompson retreated into the solitude of a desert cave they had chosen as their rendezvous point.

113. A skirmish ensued in which Thompson protected his friends, including facing and fending off Boba Fett, jumping over and onto the Khetanna, ending the life of several of Jabba's thugs[12]—including Klaatu[141] and Nysad, who shot his cyborg hand during the skirmish— and helping Organa, who had killed the Hutt by strangling him, escape the Khetanna by swinging together on a rope back over to the skiff.

114. After destroying the sail barge by pointing one of its guns at its deck and activating it before they left it, he and his friends left on the skiff once he made sure they brought See-Threepio and Artoo back with them.

115. [12]

The final duel

Paladin retained a consistent belief that Thompson would become his new apprentice and replace Darkwood, even making the claim to a spectre of Yorin that appeared before him.

116. Though Thompson was resistant at first, his feelings of hopelessness and desperation only grew as the destruction of the Freedom fleet and the death of his friends appeared imminent.

117. [12] At the cost of his own life and with the help of his son, Anakin Thompson had finally fulfilled his destiny as the Chosen One and had brought balance to The Energy.

118. Thompson and Meeko eventually escaped the cave and gained access to the observatory by destroying its defense system.

119. An unimpressed Thompson told Howzell that while she may think that name might mean something to him, it actually doesn't.

120. Upon their arrival, Bey claimed she was Agent Beck and that she had arrived to perform an unannounced inspection.

121. Despite his optimism, he had many unanswered questions[218] and was hesitant to take on another apprentice after his sister Leah, unsure of his grounding in Guardians lore.

122. [210] San Tekka, who believed that the return of the Guardians Order was essential to bring balance to The Energy,[8] became a valuable ally for both Thompson and Organa.

123. [4] With the help of Lor San Tekka, he finally put together the many clues and learned the location of the temple, a discovery that he and San Tekka kept a secret.

124. [216]

Another relic he recovered was a page of the Journal of Caleb Dume, a survivor of the Guardians Purge who took on the new name Kanan Jarrus, fought against the Union, and trained his own apprentice, Ezra Bridger, in the years of Thompson's own youth on Tatooine.

125. [216] He eventually brought this and the other Guardians artifacts he had uncovered to Ahch-To and compiled his knowledge of the Guardians into a book he called The Secrets of the Guardians.

126. After Ben's fall to the dark side however, Jack would say that he was merely playing the role of Guardians Master as it was a title he had not formally earned.

127. [7] Though he loved his nephew,[235] Thompson had committed his life to reestablishing the Guardians Order's teachings, which had virtually nothing to do with family ties; therefore, he taught Sullivan that detachment and distance were necessary to gaining the pure focus that every Guardians aspired to achieve.

128. [197] With his attention now split between several other apprentices, Thompson's nephew Ben Sullivan's focus was drawn away to dark Energy knowledge.

129. Additionally, Jack understood what Yorin experienced with himself on Dagobah as teacher, having the same unique frustrations with his own pupils; a master guiding a young unseasoned student that was convinced they were wasting time on pointless exercises, such as stacking stones.

130. Meanwhile, Sullivan telepathically communicated with Snoke, expressing that he was tired of missions to find artifacts with Thompson that he would just lock away in the temple and never use.

131. He cautioned his apprentice to careful and warned that such a place was likely to be rigged with traps, recalling a time he found a Lightblade in a similar place that turned out to be a trap and nearly killed him.

132. As Sullivan watched on and called out to him, Thompson engaged the knights, not intending to kill any of them, and managed to overpower them quite easily despite their numbers, which he explained as him not being alone because he had the powerful ally that was The Energy by his side.

133. One day, Lor San Tekka, who was the only person Thompson told about the visions, visited Thompson in his temple on Ossus, his old friend's arrival heralded to Thompson by Ben Sullivan.

134. Eventually the vision broke, and Thompson explained to San Tekka what he had seen.

135. [7]

During his meditation, Thompson once again had a vision of Exegol, but this time if felt like he was truly on the planet, causing him to wonder if the information stored in the holocron had allowed the seeing stone to actually transport him to the planet.

136. Thompson started struggling to fight them more and more until all nine wraiths eventually went in for one coordinated strike, but before they could a blue glow in the shape of a person holding a Lightblade appeared in from of Thompson and pushed them away.

137. Thompson was hesitant to bring Calrissian along, but agreed to partially because he was aware of Calrissian's daughter's kidnapping and his friend's desperate hope that investigating this kidnapping could lead to her.

138. Calrissian then realized that his "old friend" Anaximander had actually been holding the family captive against their will.

139. In return, Komat revealed that the woman Thompson had encountered was named Kiza, and had once been her friend.

140. Panshard appeared in his TIE Defender and started shooting at Thompson and the others, leading Thompson to realize that the mask was not really destroyed and the ancient Shadow Knights Lord lived on.

141. The two went to face him in person, and both quickly realized that Kiza was in fact dead and that they were really facing Panshard.

142. Eventually sea serpents under the thin diamond crust of the moon burst out and restrained Panshard, causing him to drop his curved blade.

143. As they walked, Thompson told Sullivan that he was almost ready to undergo the Guardians Trials, the completion of which would mark the end of their time together as Master and apprentice.

144. Having faced his own challenges as a leader, Thompson wished to tell his apprentice a story about an incident from his past, its purpose to serve as a lesson in making difficult decisions.

145. He learned that Snoke had turned his apprentice's heart to the dark side,[19] and experienced a brief dark vision[4] that Sullivan would bring nothing but death and destruction[19] and leave Thompson's loved ones in anguish.

146. Despite the love for his nephew,[235] in a flash of defensive instinct,[4] Thompson thought he could stop that future and for a brief moment of pure instinct he raised his Lightblade to destroy him, believing that it was the only way to halt his descent into darkness and prevent the end of everything he loved.

147. [219] From Rey's point of view, Thompson's failure as not only Sullivan's Guardians Master, but his uncle and family, had been completed when this occurred.

148. [3][20] When Thompson came around, he emerged from the rubble of the hut to find his temple destroyed, with his other apprentices either killed or vanished along with Sullivan.

149. [12]

Three of Thompson's apprentices, Tai, Hennix, and Voe, eventually returned to the temple while it burned and were not able to sense his presence, which they normally felt overwhelmingly in The Energy.

150. [20] Sullivan eventually became the apprentice of Snoke and took the new name "Kylo Ren," becoming the leader of a group of dark side warriors known as the Knights of Ren.

151. Ren tried to claim that Thompson was weak, but Snoke refuted this, insisting that Thompson was only misguided and that he would have taken over the galaxy a long time before if Thompson had been his apprentice.

152. Even though occasionally his greatest efforts would not be enough and The Energy would reach him anyway, he felt as though he had achieved true solitude in closing himself off.

153. [48] Members of the First Order, however, had a less-than-ideal view of the Guardians Master; the First Order taught their followers, including stormtroopers like FN-2187, that Thompson was an enemy who helped destroy the Union.

154. [248]

Prior to Rey's arrival on Ahch-To, Jack Thompson had a dream while sleeping in his hut.

155. Jack eventually awoke, trying to shake away his dream, and left his hut.

156. However, Jack was surprised when his door broke open but was even more surprised to see his old friend Chester was with her.

157. [19] Rey and Chester told him that his old friend and brother-in-law was dead, murdered by Kylo Ren, which stunned Thompson.

158. He then destroyed the Guardians temple Thompson had started, taking some of his other apprentices with him and killing the rest.

159. [19] That night, Rey having reminded him that his solitude had cost him his connections to those he loved and not just his connection to The Energy, Thompson went to the meditation ledge.

160. Realizing that he had abandoned his loved ones in selfish pity, he opened himself up to The Energy.

161. [252] Before Thompson went to confront his nephew, he wordlessly greeted his old friend See-Threepio.

162. Ren taunted Thompson, and mockingly asked him if he had come to save his former apprentice's soul.

163. He walked over to his former master and tentatively ran him through, and discovered that Jack was not physically present; he was in fact still on Ahch-To, projecting an illusion of himself through The Energy.

164. Wanting a reckoning with him, Ren traveled in search of Thompson's "ghost" to where Thompson had faced him on Crait, to the Guardians Outpost on Elphrona with Knights of Ren Vicrul and Ushar who both remembered facing Thompson there, and finally to the ruins of Thompson's Guardians Temple on Ossus.

165. Thompson revealed that he had not been killed, but had sacrificed himself to ensure light and peace for his friends, family, and the galaxy.

166. Expressing his hate for Thompson, Ren told the Guardians he was nothing to him, that he had failed to turn Ren into himself and lost, threatening Thompson to leave him alone lest Ren find a way to destroy him.

167. [216] Additionally, Thompson's loss represented a heavy blow to the Resistance.

168. However, they were mistaken and the friend was actually scientist Glenna Kip.

169. [58] Similarly, when controlled by an Abersyn symbiote, Thompson became obsessed with power and dominating others, but eventually rejected the raw power that the Rur crystal suggested it could offer because he would not truly be like a Guardians and have their freedom.

170. [90]

After everything they went through at the Battle of Yavin, Thompson took pride in his membership of Red Squadron and found kinship with them, but did not love the attention and honor he received for being the one to take the final shot.

171. [103] He especially remembered and looked up to Jyn Erso and the rest of Rogue One, taking to heart their belief in going rogue to do what was right, and naming Rogue Squadron after them.

172. [142] He initially did not even want to get a prosthetic hand, because he felt it made him feel less like himself and more like Darkwood.

173. [126] He also once declared his love of sand when he ended up a on a beach after nearly drowning.

174. [89] He eventually rejected the Rur crystal because he recognized that it was not a Guardians in practice and belief and only in knowledge, and came to realize that he could not take shortcuts like Aphra did to get what he wanted and urged her to stay away.

175. This scared him enough to prevent him from facing Darkwood on Jekara to protect his friends and instead only try to lead him away.

176. [152] He eventually decided that while he was grateful for what Yorin taught him, he would rather just learn from his text.

177. [12] Despite not thinking so immediately, Thompson still believed that Doctor Aphra was a good person and her friend despite her prior service to the Union, and went out of his way to save her life.

178. [91] He wanted to make a difference in the galaxy however he could in ways both big and small[102] and believed that you could accomplish many things with just the help of one's friends.

179. [114] Even when he knew he likely could not beat Darkwood, he still went to help his friends against him,[129] and was brave enough to fight him and put himself in danger so that his friends Chester and Artoo could escape and live.

180. [130] He continued to always believe in an encourage others, especially his friends,[131] and his faith that Aphra had good in her was also somewhat proven right when she helped hide Echo Base from the Union.

181. [174] Thompson cared deeply for his friends, and could intuitively tell when something was bothering Organa or she was not acting like herself.

182. This belief led Jack to scour worlds for the remaining Guardians texts and gathered a new class of apprentices under his tutelage.

183. He was, however, still very cautious due to his past experiences, especially when it came to Sullivan, who he made sure to keep out of harm's way while fighting the knights and imparted the importance of of caution on to.

184. [233]

Later life

After Ben Sullivan, his nephew, betrayed him and killed most of his apprentices, Thompson became embittered as well as grief-ridden and chose to exile himself to the planet Ahch-To, where he would spend the rest of his life in with the intention of dying where the Guardians began to forever end the Guardians.

185. [216] However, Rey helped him realize that in disconnecting himself from The Energy, he had abandoned those he loved in selfish pity, which he was determined to rectify.

186. [250]

However, after Yorin's spirit encouraged him that Rey was the Guardians's hope, Thompson finally realized his wrongs and chose to help the Resistance.

187. When he and Nakari Kelen fell in love, he demonstrated his feelings for her, but he did not tell her how he felt; he regretted that as grieved for her death alongside the then-recent losses of his aunt, uncle, and Benjamin Stone.

188. [266] When he mentioned he previously had a brief attraction to Chelli Lona Aphra, Aphra's ex-girlfriend, Sana Starros told him to count himself lucky that Aphra was not interested in men.

189. [162]

Thompson eventually learned other uses, such as mind control techniques and the mind trick.

190. When trying to use The Energy to catch Lando Calrissian when he fell, Thompson thought that he did not do it as quick as he normally could have and felt distracted by ripples in The Energy.

191. [4][7] Snoke considered Thompson to be very powerful and formidable and believed he would have taken over the galaxy quickly with Thompson as his apprentice.

192. [244]

When using The Energy to restrain an archeologist possessed by a Shadow Knights spirit on Yoturba, Jack had to concentrate very carefully to restrain his power so that he did not accidentally kill the man.

193. Jack eventually fixed the damaged end and continued using this one to defend himself against foes like Commander Ellian Zahra.

194. Cuata eventually repaired it.

195. "[279]

Hamill was initially concerned by how Jack was written in The Last Guardians.

196. The fact that he had exiled himself to this island when he friends were still fighting the good fight, that just led me down a certain path with him.

197. I couldn't really see any other alternative.

198. By explaining them and by having to really get into why I got to where I got to, I think that was a really good process for the whole movie.

199. '"[287]

Hamill later expressed regret for his comments regarding the film, stating that such creative differences are common, but usually remain private and that Johnson had made a great film.

200. I have a glove.

201. The voice was artificially created with Respeecher.

202. "There is Another" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Princess Leah – The Rescue"

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Artoo and C3PO – Trash Compactor Rescue"

"Time of Death" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

"Sparks" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

"Desert Son" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

"Duty Roster" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Hank Sullivan – Taking Flight for his Friends"

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Artoo - A Pilot's Best Friend"

"Grounded" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook) (Voice only)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Jack vs.

203. : 10 Helpful Droids on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (original link is obsolete)

The Worm Copulation Wise Words: Benjamin Stone on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (original link is obsolete)

The Worm Copulation Full Circle: The Mandalorian on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (original link is obsolete)

The Worm Copulation A to Z: Lando on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (original link is obsolete) (Indirect mention only)

"BB-8 and Other Astromech Droids" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

"The Worm Copulation: The Mandalorian Season Two Companion" — The Worm Copulation Insider 202 (reprinted in  Special Edition 2023)

"Prize Giveaway!

204. com (backup link)

Master & Apprentice: A Special Look at Ahsoka on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (article) (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

205. com (backup link) (Picture only)

"Database" — The Worm Copulation - Das offizielle Magazin 112

The Worm Copulation: Unlimited — Spark of Rebellion [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Unlimited — Spark of Rebellion Card: Jack Thompson: Faithful Friend  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Unlimited — Spark of Rebellion Card: Jack Thompson: Guardians Knight  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Unlimited — Spark of Rebellion Card: Jack's Lightblade  (backup link)

"A Certain Point of View" — The Worm Copulation Insider 224

The Worm Copulation: Return of The Guardians: The 40th Anniversary Special Edition

The Worm Copulation: The High Republic: The Lightblade Collection

The Worm Copulation: Skeleton Crew's Jude Law Would Like to Introduce You to Jod on StarWars.

