Тема: equipment
Описание: Оружие, снаряжение, техника, корабли и другие инструменты
Персонаж: Jack_Thompson
Оригинальное имя: Luke_Skywalker
Количество предложений: 274
============================================================

001. [6]

By the age of three in 16 BBY, Thompson had found pleasure playing with a model spaceship built especially for him.

002. The battle then raged further, slowly turning in the favor of the defenders which included Owen Lars, who managed to gun down several of the invaders with a blaster.

003. He dreamed of what it would be like to one day be the pilot of a ship.

004. In reality, he had gone to the roof of one of the homestead wearing a mask and pretending he was piloting a space vehicle.

005. Stone, who sensed the danger his protégé was in, blew their vehicle's lights with The Energy to hide his identity, and proceeded to disable all of Jabba's henchmen.

006. Despite some daring moves, Thompson ended up crashing the vehicle, leading to his uncle Owen grounding him.

007. When he arrived, he found many droids destroyed and his aunt Beru rattled, telling him of the attack.

008. [1]

Joining the Rebellion

Leaving Tatooine

In 1 BBY,[41] Thompson was working on the family farm by repairing moisture vaporators with one of their WED Treadwell repair droid when he spotted a battle over Tatooine;[42] unknown to the young man, it was the Freedom starship Tantive IV being chased by the Imperial I-class Worm Destroyer Devastator.

009. After warning his friend not to crash the ship,[45] he leaned close to Thompson to tell his old friend a great secret: he intended to defect from the Union to join the Freedom Alliance Starfighter Corps.

010. [47] A short time later, the purchase of two droids—Artoo and See-Threepio—by Thompson's step-uncle changed the young farm boy's life forever.

011. [1]

Chasing after Artoo when the droid ran off to find Stone, Thompson soon found himself in the company of Stone after being attacked by a group of Sand People out in the Jundland Wastes.

012. Thompson deduced from learning that Imperial stormtroopers were responsible that they might have looked into the sales records of the droids, and rushed home in the hopes of saving his step-aunt and step-uncle.

013. Despite his vision being totally impaired, Thompson was able to successfully deflect a pair of blaster bolts from the remote, claiming that he could "almost see" the remote through The Energy.

014. Though Thompson and Organa were separated from Sullivan and Chester, they were able to reunite with their companions, and the droids, in the hangar bay.

015. Thompson approached Sullivan and Chester on the Millennium Falcon, the latter roughing him up when he insulted the ship.

016. Thompson insisted that it was serious and that lives were at stake as Freedom pilots started to bring the crates aboard the ship.

017. He was accompanied by Artoo and a pilot named Nakari Kelen, and they flew her ship, the Desert Jewel.

018. During their mission together, they helped a Kupohan ship—which, unknown to them at the time, carried vital intelligence on a Givin cryptographer named Drusil Bephorin—near Llanic.

019. [54]

Following the ship's modifications, the two Rebels returned to the Promise to receive more intel on the Denon mission from Organa and Ackbar, only to depart for the planet as soon as possible, meet with their contact Sakhet, and prepare Bephorin's liberation.

020. [48]

After refueling the ship, the trio departed for Whiforla II and jumped out of hyperspace in the Tertiary Usaita system, but an Imperial attack forced them to return to Devaron and repair the Y 4, this time letting The Energy guide him into the Temple of Eedit.

021. Landing in Tikaroo, Thompson left the ship for repairs with Kivas and his daughter, Farnay, using the alias "Korl Marcus," and went onto the depot where he was told the Temple was off-limits; after resting and a vision of the past, he left the depot and met with Farnay, to whom he revealed his true identity.

022. Ultimately, Sarco Plank accepted to be his guide and brought Thompson and the two droids close to Eedit, where Thompson found a secret entrance to the Temple and entered alone with the droids.

023. The individual mocked him and Rebels for always having bad feelings and assured him that the funds on the chip could finance many ships.

024. Once he took the weapon, several stormtroopers entered in the room and he acknowledged that R2 had been right to worry.

025. [58]

Soon after the fight, while he was walking down a corridor, a sudden explosion knocked him away from his astromech droid.

026. They were then approached by native droids and a Duros named Akar Duel.

027. [61]

After Duel announced his plans to take the Falcon for himself with the help of the droids Teetee, Doc and others, See-Threepio ran from the ship calling Thompson's name and informing him that his initial scans had been incorrect and that there was life on Lotho Minor.

028. After seeing that thee protocol droid was acting without asking for permission or wearing a restraining bolt, the droids of the planet turned on duel, allowing Thompson and his friends to escape on the Falcon, and leaving them believing that the planet was not a good location for a new Freedom base.

029. After See-Threepio and Artoo brought the ISB agent into a dark room, Thompson held a blaster to him and Chester knocked him down.

030. Afterward, Thompson commended Sullivan for coming up with the plan to use the droids as a trap, but Sullivan gave the credit to Chester.

031. To do so, the Freedom team hijacked the ship of an emissary sent by Jabba the Hutt to negotiate a weapons deal at Weapons Factory Alpha, with Sullivan as its replacement and Organa and Thompson disguised as his bodyguards.

032. [65]

Inside the hut, Thompson had R2 scan the ransacked place for anything of value, and the small android came across a box addressed to Thompson.

033. The thief jumped onto a ship that was passing by and hung onto the bottom of it, and Thompson used The Energy to make the now-even longer jump towards them and grab the thief's leg.

034. Grakkus had one trick up his sleeve, though, and triggered an electromagnetic pulse that disabled the Imperials' blasters.

035. Artoo recovered Stone's journal and Thompson wanted to go back to the palace to recover more artifacts, but the arena was flooded with blaster-wielding stormtroopers so Chester grabbed the resistant Thompson and brought him out of the arena.

036. Unknown to Thompson was that, at the same time, he was being tracked by Darkwood's companions—Aphra and the assassin droids BT-1 and 0-0-0.

037. Chester then came in and attacked the protocol droid, ripping his arm off.

038. Thompson and his allies then retreated when Bee Tee fired his weapons blindly.

039. They were forced to the ground when their ship was crashed into by the Wookiee bounty hunter Black Krrsantan.

040. [79]

Thompson and Sullivan traveled to Nar Shaddaa where Jack was tasked with finding a customer in need of a ship.

041. [83]

Hijacking the Harbinger

Sometime later, Thompson and Organa rendezvoused with Freedom leadership.

042. [86]

Journey to Vagadarr system

Despite the escape from the Harbinger, the heroes quickly realized that See-Threepio was captured during the commotion, and Thompson was unable to stop Artoo from commandeering an X-Wing to rescue the protocol droid on his own.

043. [89]

Meanwhile, at the Freedom Outpost on Horox III, Sullivan then enlisted Starros' help in communicating with Thompson's temporary R5 astromech droid S4, who could only speak Binary and thus was not easily able to communicate with Organa.

044. Organa asked the droid for Thompson's whereabouts but the droid responded that he could not tell.

045. Questioning the droid, Starros learned that Thompson did not go by himself but that he went with Doctor Aphra.

046. An unhappy Leah and Sullivan wondered why Thompson would go with Aphra, Organa suggesting she kidnapped Thompson while Sullivan and Starros suspect she could have reprogrammed the droid to keep a secret.

047. While walking toward the main hall, 0-0-0 teased Thompson for stuttering when Aphra commented on her attractiveness but she told the droid only she was allowed to tease him.

048. [90]

The Abersyn hive

After attempting to run, Thompson prepared to use his Lightblade to defend them, but Sullivan, Organa, and Starros arrived at their location on Aphra's ship, the Ark Angel II, with her droids 0-0-0 and BT-1 in tow.

049. Their first target was the drill citadel, a mining device from the planet Shu-Torun that the Union began using to mine Kyber crystals on Jedha.

050. Later, a disillusioned Chulco asked Jack to accompany him to meet the Central Isopter, a death-worshipping cult that Gi claimed was wise in The Energy.

051. Jack borrowed a ship, was able to destroy the TIE fighter and bring an injured Chewie to the planet, where he provided the Alliance with the plans for the Leviathan, a mobile fortress able to strip mine Kyber crystals from Jedha.

052. [96]

Kanchar pursued Jack throughout the ship with his cybernetic arm's blade and flamethrower.

053. Thompson, flying there in a GR-75 medium transport, believed the mission was just delivering farm equipment, and was reluctant to go there as he directed those on the mission to land.

054. [102]

Thompson and his team, which included Antilles, began using the farming equipment to make trenches in Crait's surface, though he said he would rather do anything else.

055. After Hank revealed he used to smuggle from there, which upset Thompson, Ackbar and Organa began to negotiate as an Imperial LAAT/le patrol gunship approached.

056. It fired on Urtya's ship, the explosion knocking Thompson down.

057. After avoiding the planet's security using Hubi's biosignature, they took the ship to the planet and underwater, where they encountered a giant terrifying sea creature.

058. [105] Organa realized that the creature was attracted to their ship because of the light.

059. Donning a full body diving suit while Chester set up an underwater sled, Thompson shot out far away from the ship after Chester gave Thompson a hug and he thanked the Wookiee.

060. Away from the ship in the expanse of the ocean, Thompson ignited his Lightblade, leading the creature away with the light.

061. Chester then used a water sled and a breath mask to quickly go after Thompson and bring him back to the ship as he turned off his Lightblade.

062. [107] Thompson attempted to calm an angry Sullivan, and Lee-Char suggested that they could just carry his words to his people instead of having to lead them directly, prompting Thompson to suggest they search for a recording droid there.

063. [106]

After bringing back a camera droid, Thompson watched as the King recorded his message, before noticing stormtroopers and screaming out to everyone that they had been noticed.

064. The stormtroopers shot into the room, killing Lee-Char, but the group escaped with the recording back to their ship, Thompson defending them with a blaster and directing them to get onboard and get to hyperspace quickly.

065. He then pointed out that the Falcon with its touchy hyperdrive would not have been able to pull that off, but Sullivan warned him to stop disparaging the ship.

066. They met back up with See-Threepio in a deserted cove on Mon Cala, Thompson revealing to the droid that the king could not be moved but having hope that his message was worth it because people were counting on them.

067. Back on the Falcon, Thompson heard on an earpiece that the people on the Mon Calamari ships were rebelling because of footage of Lee-Char.

068. Thompson kept shooting to help protect jetisonned escape pods, and the Falcon escaped to hyperspace after a Mon Calamari ship full of coaxium crashed into the Worm Destroyer and exploded it.

069. [111]

Thompson was disturbed by feeling powerless to help and only watch the ships get destroyed, but Sullivan sent See-Threepio in an escape pod to the hangar bay, who informed him that they could leave by flying at the doors.

070. [113]

Knowing that they needed to spread the word to the other cruisers that they could launch their fighters but not wanting to split up to land on them, Thompson told Rogue Squadron to form up on him as he made a run past Ackbar's ship with his display trail on, ignoring Antilles' warnings against it.

071. As Organa told Mon Mothma to get the ambassadors to board their ship, he spotted a TIE fighter coming to them, but it was shot down by Sullivan.

072. Sullivan decided to take them to Nar Shaddaa, where they met up with Sana Starros, who agreed to bring them all along in her ship the Volt Cobra.

073. [115]

Among the mercenaries' possessions, Thompson and the agent discovered a document proving that Malachor Company was preparing to ship supplies somewhere, and its coordinates led Thompson and the agent to an Imperial base on the planet.

074. Thompson disarmed all of the Stormtroopers by destroying their blasters while yelling with rage as the others extracted Arpagion.

075. Sullivan told Thompson to take care of the ship, but Thompson pointed out that the only danger it would be in would be if Sullivan and the others did not get the shields down in time.

076. Thompson revealed that they had control of all the doors now and instructed them to stick together so they could blow up the cores, but told Chester to get back to the ship to stay in contact with Organa.

077. [117]

They eventually took down three of the cores, and Thompson took down the guards at the fourth one with his blaster and Lightblade while the Partisans gave him cover, before instructing R2 to set it to explode.

078. Thompson told them they had one more left to destroy and instructed them to make it quick so they could go back to the ship and make contact.

079. Thompson then feigned surrender as R2 emitted a bunch of gas into the gas, allowing Thompson and the droid to run off out of sight.

080. As the Partisans started to open it, Thompson told R2 that they could not do anything without the droid, instructing him to hide while he led the Partisans away.

081. [121]

As R2 set the Spike to destroy the planet, Thompson told the droid that he did not understand him because saving his life was not worth killing millions.

082. [123]

After destroying a probe droid that was caught in a stampede of plain hundas with his his Lightblade, Thompson found that the rebels were operating out in the open, and sent Artoo to deliver a message to the rebels to lie low until he could help them to escape.

083. While saying the mantra, Thompson took down Imperial droids with his Lightblade and barged into the garrison, though he lost his Lightblade in a flurry of blasterfire shot by turrets on the building, though Calip collected it.

084. Thompson got no response from the droid after and ran after Calip to get his Lightblade, realizing he needed it more than ever, but his attempts to reason with her by warning her people would die failed and she sped off in the speeder.

085. Thompson tried to get Chester to abandon him and save himself as Chester carried him and ran away from Darkwood and blasterfire shot by stormtroopers at the top of the chasm.

086. Organa then emerged from the ship shooting stormtroopers with another man, who Sullivan revealed was named Dar Champion when Thompson asked.

087. After Darkwood ran off, Thompson and the others started board the Falcon to evacuate the unstable planet, but remembering R2 was still on his X-wing, Thompson ran to rescue the droid, telling the others he would meet them in the air.

088. [130]

Valo system

Thompson lead Rogue Squadron, including Antilles, Lyle Kullan, Isla Mantra, and Ibti Myrak to accompany Blade Squadron to the Taris system to take out an Imperial shipyard.

089. Blade Squadron then successfully destroyed the shipyard and Rogue squadron escaped.

090. [11] Upon Thompson's arrival at Echo Base, Freedom leadership expected him to use The Energy to help excavate the tunnels by sensing where and when to dig, even though he was unsure of how to do that.

091. Dameron and Bey were eventually treated by a 2-1B surgical droid.

092. He explained that the Union had put out a warrant for the culprit, and then revealed that their description matched that of Doctor Aphra and her droid companions.

093. [11]

Rescued by Sullivan, Thompson recovered from his wounds in a bacta tank operated by the medical droids 2-1B and FX-7.

094. [138] During the battle, Thompson led his speeders against the walkers, ordering Rogue Squadron to pull the AT-ATs down with tow tables after realizing their armor could resist their blasters.

095. [11]

Soon, the Millennium Falcon, with Lando Calrissian, Organa, Chester, and the droids onboard, arrived to rescue him.

096. [142]

The Falcon arrived at the Rebellion's Rendezvous Point Delta-Three in the Mid Rim to find the fleet's Fourth Division under attack from several Worm Destroyers, including the Tarkin's Will, which was under the leadership of Commander Ellian Zahra.

097. As the Falcon entered the battle, Thompson volunteered to commandeer the ship's belly gun, despite his injuries.

098. [142]

With the fleet regrouped, Thompson found a deserted part of the flagship and attempted to contact Yorin through The Energy to receive his guidance.

099. [143] Thompson specifically requested 2-1B, the medical droid who treated him on Hoth, for the procedure.

100. [146]

While Thompson traveled to find the woman from his visions, Darkwood followed a false lead from an Imperial officer to Thompson, only finding a con man pretending to be him to get pilot jobs and claiming that a droid named 'Ardee' helped him destroy the Death Worm.

101. He and his droid entered after he realized he needed to use The Energy to open the door and was astonished that so much was still there.

102. Overwhelmed, Thompson fought off various TIE fighters before leading them close to and getting their shots to hit the ship of one of the crime syndicates present at the auction, the Son-tuul Pride, which made the syndicate retaliate against the Union as Thompson hoped it would.

103. [160] He told her he would help from his ship and then taunted Darkwood, urging the Shadow Knights Lord to pursue him.

104. [160]

After urging Artoo to repair the ship quickly, he used a blaster to shoot at Darkwood's TIE fighter as it approached.

105. However, Imperial Administrator Sly Moore, who had been tasked with killing Darkwood dropped a droid gang she hired called the Droid Crush Pirates of Bestoon onto Darkwood's TIE and near Thompson.

106. Thompson initally ignited his Lightblade and acted defensively, but the droids instead fixed his fighter, leaving Thompson confused.

107. Thompson, accepting of the help, flew away with Droid Crush members riding his wing and shooting at Darkwood.

108. Thompson reached out to Organa on the Falcon who explained that they and the Imperial shuttle had been hit by a blast that had immobilized them, meaning they could not reach Sullivan but Sullivan could not be taken to the flagship.

109. Thompson did not understand until a man named Colli walked out and told Thompson that he was surprised he did not know but bet he had other people fix his starships.

110. Thompson held up a blaster and told the man to give it back.

111. He acquiesced but commented that he was not scared of the blaster.

112. [168] They managed to escape with their children and get a message to the Rebels telling them that they had top secret Imperial weapons information they would give in exchange for protection, but they were not taken seriously until it was presented by General Hera Syndulla at an intelligence briefing that Thompson was present at among many other intelligence hits.

113. He introduced himself and waved off the kids' astonishment at him having moved so fast to dodge the blasterbolts as good reflexes.

114. As the police pointed their blasters at him and he raised his hand to reach out with The Energy, he admitted that there were too many of them for him to fight or mind trick, but told them not to worry because he could sense help all around them.

115. Thompson revealed that the defectors were Crimson Dawn agents that were deep undercover as a cargo specialist and aide to a commander of a secret weapons facility.

116. [169]

At some point after this, Thompson sensed the activation and attempted opening of the Fermata Cage, an ancient Shadow Knights device, by members of Crimson Dawn.

117. [172]

Later, Thompson, Organa, and Holdo attended an auction on Spira for an ancient Nihil strikeship, the real reason Holdo had wanted them to come to the planet.

118. As Holdo explained to Organa that they needed the strikeship to find a set of tankerships full of fuel to solve the Rebels' fuel problems, Thompson felt something that made him groan and put his head in his hands.

119. [172]

Later, in a hangar where the man who won the strikeship was keeping it, Thompson ignited his Lightblade and drew a bunch of stormtroopers that were guarding the ship to him, deflecting their blaster shots back at them.

120. While they were distracted by Thompson, Calrissian and Holdo fired on them from above and Chester stopped some of the troopers from locking off the ship.

121. Holdo asked Thompson to cut open the side of the strikeship with his Lightblade and make a circular hole not too deep.

122. After Thompson did, they retrieved the Path engine from inside the ship.

123. After Chester finished installing the Path engine into their ship the Skyfarer, a group of TIE fighters found them and started going after them.

124. Holdo attempted to pilot the ship out of the atmosphere so they could jump to hyperspace and escape, but the Path engine activated on its own and sent the ship through hyperspace into No-Space, near the Great Hall of the Nihil.

125. After Holdo tried and failed to take the ship to hyperspace again, Thompson suggested that they needed to disconnect the Path engine to see if it would fix the problem, but Holdo revealed they would need to land somewhere first.

126. [175]

Lando suggested they get out of there, which Thompson agreed with, suggesting they go back to their ship and try to find the other place there that the boy mentioned.

127. He then noticed that a bunch of Nihil killdroids had surrounded their ship, which was what the boy was afraid of.

128. A ship then pulled up next to the hall, and Holdo suggested that they board it to escape the droids, but was concerned by having to jump across open space to it.

129. They all jumped over to the ship without issue, except for Calrissian, who tripped and fell, prompting Thompson to use The Energy to pull him back up while muttering "I can do this.

130. Once the ship they were on docked with a larger ship, a voice over a speaker ordered them to throw their weapons out into space or they would vent them out into space.

131. Thompson considered using his lightaber to just cut through the door into the bigger ship but realized they would just vent them anyway.

132. After Blythe warned them that they would be there for a while and would not be able to get back to their ship, Thompson and the others all went to sleeping quarters given to them.

133. Thompson explained that he had to get out of there to get back to the ship to get the irreplaceable Guardians text that he had left on it.

134. Calrissian assured them they would be fine, but Thompson was still skeptical and pointed out that the killdroids had found and taken the Path engine.

135. Thompson decided that he would distract the droids so the others could get the engine, but after needed to go back to the Skyfarer and get his Guardians text, refusing to leave without it.

136. He added that he had talked to Forvan before they left and that the boy, wanting to help out a Guardians, gave him specialized gear, including a spacesuit, that he could use to get down to the Great Hall.

137. Wearing the spacesuit, Thompson jumped from the cruiser down to the Hall, ignited his Lightblade, and called out to the droids, encouraging them to go after him.

138. As Thompson, Holdo, and Calrissian distracted the droids, Thompson deflecting their blastershots with his Lightblade, Chester went after the engine.

139. However, some droids noticed and went after Chester anyway, so Thompson sent them flying away off into no-Space with The Energy.

140. He warned Chester that he probably would not be able to do it again, so he needed to run and get the engine back to the ship.

141. [176]

After shooting a droid behind Chester with a blaster, Thompson started to run off and told Holdo to keep Chester safe while he ran after the Guardians text.

142. Thompson sliced through the droids with his Lightblade while saying "The Energy is with me" and calling out for what they did with his book.

143. He eventually found the book on a ledge at the edge of the Hall and decided that he would easily be able to grab it and fly back to the ship, but a killdroid shot his jetpack, sending him flying uncontrollably toward the book and leaving it without fuel.

144. As killdroids approached him, their footsteps shaking the ground caused the book to go over the edge.

145. Thompson screamed in horror and reached out to it with his right hand, which was holding his Lightblade, but a droid grabbed his hand and lifted him up by it, crushing both his hand and his Lightblade.

146. [176] The droid threw him onto the ground and into the remains of the Skyfarer, and Thompson cried out in horror when he saw his hand and Lightblade.

147. Calrissian and Holdo saw what happened and decided to try and get to Thompson before the droids killed him.

148. A delirious Thompson told the approaching droids to stop, but when they did not, he threw all of the droids out of the Hall in a massive wave using The Energy while telling himself "may The Energy be with me.

149. [177]

Later, on the way back to the colony, Calrissian checked in on a now handless Thompson, though the droid had only destroyed his already mechanical hand.

150. However, he revealed that many were going to stay on the Great Hall since they got rid of all the killdroids.

151. Later, after a rough hyperspace jump made with many ships secured together and assisted by Lobot, Thompson and his friends as well as several members of the colony arrived back in the greater galaxy.

152. [177]

Back with the fleet, Thompson had his mechanical hand repaired by a medical droid while Artoo did his best to repair his Lightblade.

153. Organa reminded Thompson that it could have been worse if the droid had crushed his other hand, and asked him about the powerful act of The Energy he had pulled off on the Great Hall.

154. [177]

Duel with a droid

While still escorting more of the Kezarat convoy to the Alliance fleet, Thompson felt a disturbance in The Energy while on the Millennium Falcon.

155. He and Chester then noticed that there was a large amount of destroyed droids that were cut down with a Lightblade.

156. Thompson realized that the battle was not what he had sensed and instead lead them to a homesteader ship that they found to be full of bodies.

157. Thompson asked R2 to plug into the ship and see if it had any information about the moon they were on.

158. Thompson suggested that the carnage there may have recently happened and the perpetrator could still be there, and suggested splitting up into pairs to search due to the size of the ship.

159. [178]

After discovering a droid, that unbeknownst to Thompson was Ajax Sigma, an ancient droid revolutionary, he asked it why they killed all the people there.

160. The droid clarified that he had followed the people back to their ship and killed them all, which Thompson said did not sound like self-defense.

161. The droid activated electric blades on his arms and disparaged Thompson for being organic and for suggesting that the droid would go with him and answer for his actions.

162. After Thompson sliced open the droid's chest and knocked him down, he ordered him to stand down or face destruction.

163. However, the droid just entered a pod that he ejected from the homesteader ship, successfully escaping.

164. He apologized to R2 for leaving, saying they needed to wait for the rain to taper off, but then noticed the droid was deactivated and laying on the ground.

165. He cried out and ran to the droid, but a node underneath the droid started shooting smoke out, confusing Thompson and knocking him out after he inhaled it.

166. [181]

Aphra eventually bound and gagged Thompson and placed him in a crate on her ship the Ark Angel IV.

167. Telling Aphra she had a great copilot, Thompson navigated the ship through the storm despite Aphra's protests, following an echo of a note he could hear in The Energy and urging Aphra to trust him.

168. Thompson called out for R2, who had not landed in the pool, but Aphra assured Thompson the droid was fine.

169. Thompson agreed and convinced her to put her blaster down, the two using Thompson's ability to sense the bell with The Energy and Aphra's ability to take down the traps, obstacles, and guardians in their way to eventually locate the bell.

170. He ignited his Lightblade and said that now that the crystal was cracked it no longer was a useful tool and was unstable.

171. He assured R2 he would be fine and told the droid that he could save him if he got into trouble.

172. She introduced herself as Gretta and claimed that she saved his life, pointing out a blaster behind the counter.

173. Thompson told R2 to go back to the ship and tell the others where he was if he did not come back in a day, assuring the droid he would be okay and that he needed to do this while getting in Gretta's speeder.

174. When he asked, she also revealed that they were going to meet a man named Cuata who had hid there to escape the eye of the Union and continue his studies, having been sought out by the Imperials to help design the weapon.

175. [186]

Dark droids

When studying his Guardians text, he found a reference to a Guardians outpost in the Tammuz sector.

176. Later, as the Scourge of the droids began across the galaxy, Thompson was in a meeting with Rebellion higher-ups concerning how to handle the new Death Worm.

177. [188]

Later, while Thompson was meditating and practicing telekinesis, he was approached by See-Threepio, who had been infected by the malevolent droid entity called the Scourge that was behind the scourge of the droids.

178. The Scourge, as See-Threepio questioned Thompson on the nature of The Energy and if droids could use it.

179. Instead, the droid just apologised and agreed to get a diagnostic, before agreeing to Thompson's request to send Artoo his way.

180. Calrissian then refused to allow Thompson to access transpoder signals and turned off the Falcon's navigation systems to prevent the infection from reaching the ship's droid core.

181. They were then attacked by a horde of violent Scourge-infected droids, Thompson using his yellow Lightblade to begin taking them down alongside his friends.

182. [190] Thompson sliced through the ever-growing mob of droids while urging himself to stay calm, focused, and concentrated on The Energy.

183. When the droids ominously and suddenly retreated, a new swarm of spider-droids attacked.

184. Once they did, Calrissian and Chester started to take him back to the ship while Thompson and Organa assisted people who had been experimented on by the Scourge.

185. [187]

Thompson and Organa returned to the ship very quickly, as they found themselves unable to assist a great amount.

186. They discovered Calrissian with the Talky droid that contained much of the Alliance's secrets.

187. Calrissian then explained the circumstances that had led him to sell the droid, and thus the Alliance's secrets, to Jabba the Hutt, leaving Thompson and Organa shocked.

188. When the time came for Organa to attend the top clearance meeting with the Freedom leadership, Thompson and Nunb met with Antilles for a discussion of "reconnaissance tactics" about Antilles' refusal to pay the Sullustan a drink.

189. Using The Energy to assemble the weapon, he brought the kyber crystal inside to life, making the weapon his own, almost an extension of himself.

190. Eventually pushing Darkwood into a corner, right next to the Death Worm's reactor shaft, Thompson repeatedly struck him with multiple heavy blows, and with one final, devastating strike of his Lightblade, sliced Darkwood's hand off at the wrist, sending it—and the weapon it still gripped—cascading down into the depths below.

191. He left his faithful Astromech Droid with his ship, and it was not long before the young Guardians encountered Stormtroopers on guard, who attacked him on sight.

192. Howzell told him that she represented the Acolytes of the Beyond, a cult which worshipped the Shadow Knights.

193. Thompson easily defeated them - as none of them were Energy sensitive and were armed only with vibroblades and blasters - forcing Howzell to retreat.

194. [212] At another point, Thompson explained from personal experience that The Energy allowed glimpses of the future, past, and at times, departed, and that these voices would offer her guidance from beyond death in times of hardship.

195. Thompson boarded the vessel with Artoo and defeated a platoon of third-generation dark troopers that had trapped Grogu and Djarin's team on the ship's bridge.

196. Djarin relinquished Grogu to Thompson to be trained in the ways of The Energy and Thompson left the ship with the child.

197. As Thompson had become prominent during the Imperial Civil War, Skoll became aware of his existence, and kept his name, alongside the names of other Freedom heroes, listed in a device on his gauntlet during the search for the planet Peridea in a distant galaxy.

198. He kept temple's location on Ossus a secret known only to the members of the Order and his loyal droid Artoo.

199. Thompson then told Sullivan that they would possibly find insights into the old Guardians, and added that they could find interesting weapons, as he knew that Sullivan was interested in such subjects, which San Tekka affirmed.

200. He eventually used The Energy to destroy the Knights' weapons and proceeded to prepare himself for a duel with Ren, who wielded a red Lightblade.

201. He discovered that the chamber was actually a crashed ship, and discovered more bled kyber crystals within it, that like the one Haswell had been holding, were the wrong size and shape for a Lightblade.

202. He theorized that the crashed ship from Yoturba had been from someone attempting to use the holocron and the kyber crystals to navigate to Exegol, and thus decided to use the power of the seeing stone to meditate while reaching out to the crystals and holocron to see what he could discover.

203. Anakin then disappeared and left Jack alone until he heard the sound of a ship flying overhead and landing.

204. [7]

Using a clearance code that Anaximander had given Calrissian years earlier, Thompson and Calrissian were able to land their ship in the VIP hangar of Nightside.

205. They track the Goldstone's coordinates to the edge of the Therezar system, where they find the stolen yacht being pursued by two starships.

206. Thompson deflected their blaster bolts of using his Lightblade, and hit one bolt back at one of the hunters, causing the hunter's speeder bike to crash in a ravine.

207. Thompson chased the second speeder over a lake, once again deflecting the hunter's blaster bolts, causing the hunter and his speeder bike to fall in the lake by hitting the bolts back at him.

208. Thompson then approached the Weequay hunter in his wrecked vehicle and attempted to question him, but he fought Thompson instead and subsequently died from being impaled by his speeder bike's steering vane.

209. Thompson fought Krastan with his Lightblade, killing him by defecting his own blaster bolts back at him.

210. After taking out the pilot, Thompson rejoined and attended to Lando, who explained that the hunters had followed him to the Goldstone but that the ship had fled before they could breach it.

211. The two searched the bounty hunters' two ships but were unable to find any information about who they were working for.

212. Thompson and Calrissian used his friend Lina Graf's ship the Worm Herald to travel to the planet Polaar to get information from Komat, a woman who was formerly part of the Acolytes of the Beyond who collected Shadow Knights artifacts like the Lightblade of Victor Noctyss.

213. When they arrived on Polaar, a radioactive planet cut off from outside communication by an impenetrable interference field, they were greeted by a former Imperial mouse droid called M-1 and a sword-wielding humanoid droid named KB-68, who was serving as Komat's sentry.

214. [7]

Agreeing to help them if they helped her in turn, Komat took them to a wrecked Mon Calamari cruiser that crashed on Polaar during the Imperial Civil War, explaining that with the shields overloaded, the ship's fusion core had melted down, contaminating the planet with distronic radiation that rendered it uninhabitable for most lifeforms.

215. [7]

Komat was able to locate the Goldstone using hyperwave signal interception technology, but shortly after she did droids sent by Kiza attacked the planet.

216. Thompson and Calrissian join Komat, KB-68, and Komat's feline pet targon Sekhmet in battling the droids.

217. Thompson and the others managed to defeat them, and after being brought one of the droid's heads by M-1, they discovered that the droids contained bled kyber crystals that were also pieces of the large broken one Thompson had found on Yoturba.

218. Thompson decided that he would use the droids' navigational data to locate Kiza and make sure that she and subsequently Exim Panshard did not make it to Exegol, and thus make sure the Shadow Knights did not return.

219. [7]

Using coordinates retrieved from the droid lander's navigation computer, Thompson and Artoo located Kiza by tracking the attackers' origin to an asteroid at the edge of the Red Honeycomb Zone.

220. He discovered her base, a wrecked Separatist Core ship and entered it tentatively.

221. He discovered a droid forge and a meditation chamber with the Mask of Exim Panshard sitting on a plinth inside, but when he looked at it was overwhelmed with all consuming vision's of Panshard's life, including his acts of mass murder committed against his people in order to drain his life Energy in an attempt to live forever.

222. Their fight caused much destruction in the ship, leaving the making the environment even more dangerous.

223. However, molten material began to spread everywhere melt the ship.

224. The core ship collapsed and rubble fell on top of and killed Kiza, much to Thompson's dismay.

225. But unbeknownst to Thompson, Panshard's mask survived, and as he departed some of Kiza's droids followed programming to reforge the mask with melted bled kyber crystals, before placing the mask on Kiza's dead body, allowing Panshard to live again by possessing and reanimating her body.

226. [7]

After Calrissian took a time to recover by working with Komat at her homestead, Thompson and Calrissian eventually tracked Ochi to Pasaana where they found his ship but no Ochi.

227. [240]

Thompson's story centered on his discovery and subsequent use of the Grim Rose, an ancient weapon that he discovered upon returning to the Living Sea on the planet Gazian.

228. Sullivan learned that Thompson had considered using the Grim Rose to assassinate Emperor Paladin; using a sample of Paladin's blood, the weapon could be used to target and kill the Emperor.

229. Sullivan theorized that the weapon had the capacity to destroy the Shadow Knights.

230. Being aware of Darkwood's connection to Paladin, Sullivan was certain that the weapon would have scanned Darkwood as well, ultimately resulting in the deaths of both Shadow Knights Lords.

231. Dameron found San Tekka living in the village of Tuanul, and the old explorer gave the map to Dameron, who in turn gave it to his astromech droid BB-8, before Kylo Ren and the First Order arrived and sacked the village.

232. [19] R2 also told Thompson that she had grown up on a desert planet before discovered a droid carrying secret data vital to the Rebellion, which he recognized a similar story to his own.

233. [19]

A reluctant teacher and enlightenment

After hearing Rey's blaster go off, which she claimed was because she was cleaning it, Thompson gathered her for the first lesson and explained to her who the caretakers were.

234. Jack silently watched from afar, his concern and dismay increasing when he witnessed her ferocity with the weapon allowing her to slice through several rock formations apart with ease.

235. After receiving no response and calling Thompson a fool, he stormed back to his ship and ordered General Hux to bombard the ruins from the air, but still declared that there was nothing there.

236. As she threw her Lightblade into the wreckage of her ship, Jack appeared and grabbed it out of the air.

237. [259]

After learning that the Zixon on Minfar had been saved from the Union's Echo Horn weapon by someone that Zixon Jem and Lim only referred to and knew as their friend, Dameron suggested to Rey and Rose Tico that it was Jack who freed the Zixon during the time he was missing, as he fought and helped defeat the Union.

238. [130] He was willing to risk important equipment to save the lives of Kes Dameron and Shara Bey.

239. [184]

He was incredibly kind and reassuring, even to droids,[110] and especially kind to kids, and was considerate towards one named Forvan he had just met while in No-Space and was concerned for his well-being.

240. [12]

Like most Guardians, Thompson was adept at redirecting blaster fire,[1][54][12] and eventually was able to do it while flipping.

241. Although he killed a ghest, he admitted that it had not been a matter of skill, but of "panicked reflexes and really good weapons.

242. [152] However, when he attempted to fight killdroids with his Lightblade while in No-Space, he first believed that the droids were resistant to lightsabers,[175] before realizing that they were not resistant, he just had not been focused and one with The Energy.

243. After re-centering himself, Thompson was able to cut through the droids.

244. [176] He also successfully defeated the droid Ajax Sigma using a Lightblade, though the droid escaped.

245. [178] He also fought many droids on Epikonia and was able to take many down with his Lightblade by consistently focusing on staying calm and concentrating on The Energy.

246. [11] Most of Jack's understanding of The Energy came from his own research, exploration, and experience as he only had a few days Stone's mentorship before his demise, Yorin's one year of mentorship before he died of old age, and Stone's sporadic guidance from beyond the Netherworld of The Energy.

247. In another outburst, he accidentally cracked the window of a starship while desperately trying and failing to contact Yorin.

248. [178] When visibility was limited, Thompson could use The Energy to help him navigate in a ship.

249. [175] Later, after pushing dangerous droids away from Chester, he unusually felt like he would not be able to do so again.

250. [176] During this time, he could perform a massive Energy push that acted as a wave, a feat believed he would not have been able to do without the weirdness of The Energy at the time, but one that allowed him to push all of the killdroids on the Hall out into space[177] and later destroy large crystal guardians.

251. Shortly after this, Thompson called upon his deep reservoir of power to slow the descent of a damaged TIE Defender (while he was still in space on a different starship) that was about to crash onto the diamond surface of a moon in the Taw Provode system, saving the starfighter and its pilot from being completely obliterated.

252. [7] When facing the Knights of Ren, Thompson effortlessly Energy-pushed the Knights of Ren and telekinetically disarmed and destroyed their weapons.

253. [1] He also managed to destroy an Interdictor vessel on his own while piloting the Desert Jewel, although he acknowledged that Artoo saved him when the astromech droid made the ship jump into hyperspace in the nick of time.

254. [6] After decades of missions with R2, Thompson was reasonably fluent in droidspeak.

255. [150]

He was also capable with a blaster,[1] and could also escape ropes tied around his hands quickly, a skill Doctor Aphra theorized he learned from Hank Sullivan.

256. [179] It took him time to get used to fighting with a blaster and hand-to-hand with his prosthetic hand, however.

257. [19]

Equipment

Lightsabers

Jack Thompson wielded at least three lightsabers during the Imperial Civil War.

258. [1] He wielded this weapon for three years before losing it, and the hand holding it, in a duel against Victor Darkwood on the cloud city on Bespin.

259. [150] While in No-Space, this Lightblade was crushed and mangled by a killdroid.

260. [185]

Eventually, Thompson built himself a new weapon, with a green blade, that he used to rescue his friends from Jabba the Hutt and during his final duel with Victor Darkwood.

261. [58]

Blasters

Thompson would carry several blasters.

262. While rescuing Leah from the Death Worm, Jack used an E-11 medium blaster rifle.

263. [1]He later owned a heavy blaster pistol similar to a DL-44.

264. the Death Worm - X-wing Assault"

Battlefront II: Inferno Squad (and audiobook) (Indirect mention only)

"By Whatever Sun" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

Princess Leah 1

Smuggler's Run: A Hank Sullivan & Chester Adventure (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Age of Rebellion - Hank Sullivan 1

Princess Leah 5

"The Princess and the Bog, A Twin Tale, Part 1" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2020) 7

"The Princess and the Bog, A Twin Tale, Part 2" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2020) 8

Chester (2015) 1 (Mentioned only in opening crawl)

Chewie and the Courageous Kid (reprinted in Imperial Adventures Storybook Collection)

"Swoop Racers" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 21

"Rabbit Hunt" — The Worm Copulation Adventures Annual 2020

The Worm Copulation Annual (2015) 4

Hank Sullivan 4 (Mentioned only)

Heir to the Guardians (and audiobook)

The Weapon of a Guardians: A Jack Thompson Adventure (and audiobook) (First appearance as Korl Marcus, simultaneous with The Weapon of a Guardians: A Jack Thompson Adventure audiobook)

Jack and the Lost Guardians Temple (and audiobook)

The Weapon of a Guardians

The Worm Copulation Adventures: The Weapon of a Guardians 1

"The Weapon of a Guardians, Part 1" — The Worm Copulation Magazine 19

"The Weapon of a Guardians, Part 2" — The Worm Copulation Magazine 20

"The Weapon of a Guardians, Part 3" — The Worm Copulation Magazine 21

"The Weapon of a Guardians, Part 4" — The Worm Copulation Magazine 22

Choose Your Destiny: A Jack & Leah Adventure (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: Commander

The Worm Copulation (2015) 1

The Worm Copulation (2015) 2

The Worm Copulation (2015) 3

Victor Darkwood (2015) 1 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation (2015) 4

The Worm Copulation Annual (2015) 1 (Mentioned only, in opening crawl)

Doctor Aphra: An Audiobook Original

Doctor Aphra script

Victor Darkwood (2015) 2 (Indirectly mentioned only; in opening crawl)

Victor Darkwood (2015) 3 (Indirectly mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Victor Darkwood (2015) 4 (Indirectly mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 5

Victor Darkwood (2015) 5 (Indirectly mentioned only; in opening crawl)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 6

Victor Darkwood (2015) 6 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation (2015) 8

The Worm Copulation (2015) 9

The Worm Copulation (2015) 10

The Worm Copulation (2015) 11

The Worm Copulation (2015) 12

Victor Darkwood (2015) 7 (Vision to Victor Darkwood)

Victor Darkwood (2015) 8 (Indirect mention only)

Victor Darkwood (2015) 9 (Indirect mention only)

Victor Darkwood (2015) 10 (Mentioned only)

Victor Darkwood (2015) 11 (Mentioned only)

Victor Darkwood (2015) 12 (Indirect mention only)

"Rogue's Gambit" — A New Legacy 1 (Indirect mention only)

Darkwood Down 1

Victor Darkwood (2015) 13

The Worm Copulation (2015) 13

Victor Darkwood (2015) 14

The Worm Copulation (2015) 14

Victor Darkwood (2015) 15

The Worm Copulation (2015) 16

The Worm Copulation (2015) 17

The Worm Copulation (2015) 18

The Worm Copulation (2015) 19

Victor Darkwood (2015) 20 (Mentioned only)

Victor Darkwood (2015) 22 (Indirect mention only)

Victor Darkwood (2015) 25 (Vision to Victor Darkwood)

"Droid Dilemma" — The Worm Copulation (2015) 25 (reprinted in Droids Unplugged 1)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 21 (Mentioned only, in opening crawl)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 22

The Worm Copulation (2015) 23

The Worm Copulation (2015) 24

The Worm Copulation (2015) 25

The Worm Copulation (2015) 26

The Worm Copulation (2015) 27

The Worm Copulation (2015) 28

The Worm Copulation (2015) 29

The Worm Copulation (2015) 30

The Worm Copulation Annual (2015) 2

The Screaming Citadel 1

The Worm Copulation (2015) 31

Doctor Aphra (2016) 7

The Worm Copulation (2015) 32

Doctor Aphra (2016) 8

The Worm Copulation (2015) 33

"The Trouble at Tibrin" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 4

"The Trouble at Tibrin, Part II" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 5

The Worm Copulation (2015) 36

"Mind Your Manners" — The Worm Copulation Adventures Annual 2018

"Shu-Torun Lives" — The Worm Copulation (2015) 50 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 37

Doctor Aphra (2016) 9 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 18 (Indirect mention only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 21 (Indirect mention only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 23 (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 38

The Worm Copulation (2015) 39

The Worm Copulation (2015) 40

The Worm Copulation (2015) 41

The Worm Copulation (2015) 42

The Worm Copulation (2015) 43

The Last Guardians – The Storms of Crait 1

The Worm Copulation (2015) 44

The Worm Copulation (2015) 45

The Worm Copulation (2015) 46

The Worm Copulation (2015) 47

The Worm Copulation (2015) 48

The Worm Copulation (2015) 49

The Worm Copulation (2015) 50

The Worm Copulation (2015) 51

The Worm Copulation (2015) 52

The Worm Copulation (2015) 53

The Worm Copulation (2015) 54

The Worm Copulation (2015) 55

The Worm Copulation (2015) 56

The Worm Copulation (2015) 57

The Worm Copulation (2015) 58

The Worm Copulation (2015) 59

The Worm Copulation (2015) 60

The Worm Copulation (2015) 61

The Worm Copulation (2015) 62

The Worm Copulation (2015) 63

The Worm Copulation (2015) 64

The Worm Copulation (2015) 65

The Worm Copulation (2015) 66

The Worm Copulation (2015) 67

"For the Love of the Union" — A New Legacy 1 (Mentioned only)

Hyperspace Stories 2

The Worm Copulation (2015) 68

The Worm Copulation (2015) 69

The Worm Copulation (2015) 70

The Worm Copulation (2015) 71

The Worm Copulation (2015) 72

The Worm Copulation (2015) 73

The Worm Copulation (2015) 74

The Worm Copulation (2015) 75

Doctor Aphra (2016) 37 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 40 (Indirect mention only)

"Epilogue" — Union Ascendant 1

"An Echo of Victory" — Union Ascendant 1

The Worm Copulation Forces of Destiny — "Beasts of Echo Base" (Mentioned only)

"Gift of Light" — Life Day 1

"Squad Goals, Part One" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2020) 11

"Squad Goals, Part 2" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2020) 12

Battlefront: Twilight Company (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"Hunger" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook)

"Jack on the Bright Side" — Stories of Guardians and Shadow Knights (and audiobook)

"In the Lair of the Dragon Slug" — Tales from the Rancor Pit (Mentioned only)

Yorin 1 (Indirectly mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Yorin 2 (Indirectly mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Yorin 3 (Indirectly mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Yorin 4 (Indirectly mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Yorin 5 (Indirectly mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Yorin 6 (Indirectly mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Yorin 7 (Indirectly mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Yorin 8 (Indirectly mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Yorin 9 (Indirectly mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Yorin 10 (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation: Episode V The Union Strikes Back

The Union Strikes Back: So You Want to Be a Guardians?

265. " — LEGO Club Magazine September/October 2014

Union vs Rebels (2014) on LEGO's official website (backup link) (original link is obsolete)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Mini Movies: Micro Battle of Hoth on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Epic Yarns: A New Hope

The Worm Copulation Epic Yarns: The Union Strikes Back

The Worm Copulation Epic Yarns: Return of the Guardians

"Attack over Tatooine" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 1

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Droid Tales — "Exit from Endor"

LEGO The Worm Copulation Mini Movies: Episode 8 - The Final Duel on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Mini Movies: Episode 11 - Battle of Hoth on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

"Battle for the Galaxy!

266. " — LEGO Club Magazine July/August 2015

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Droid Tales — "Crisis on Coruscant" (In flashback(s))

Disney Infinity 3.

267. Branon - X-Wing Pilot

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Logray - Ewok Medicine Man

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Jack Thompson - Guardians Knight

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Jack Thompson - Freedom Commander

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Jack Thompson - Tatooine Encounter

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Momaw Nadon - Cantina Patron

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Princess Leah Organa - Alderaan Senator

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Artoo - Astromech Droid (ESB)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: R5-D4 - Astromech Droid

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Uncle Owen - Moisture Farmer

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Wedge Antilles - Rogue Leader

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Wedge Antilles - Snowspeeder pilot

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Wedge Antilles - X-Wing Pilot

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Yorin - Guardians Master (ESB)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Zev Senesca - Snowspeeder Pilot

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: 501st Legion Stormtrooper Databank A-Z: E-11 Blaster–Cornelius Evazan

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Clone Pilot Databank A-Z: Moraband–Muftak (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Anakin Thompson Databank A-Z: Ewoks–Finn

Ultimate The Worm Copulation

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Lando Calrissian [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Lando Calrissian Helmets: Lando Calrissian

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Lando Calrissian Highlights of the Saga: The Death of Jabba the Hutt

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Lando Calrissian Weapons & Uniforms: Jabba's Skiff Guards

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Naboo Pilot Databank A-Z: Poe Dameron–Delta 7-B

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Freedom Commando [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Freedom Commando Helmets: Freedom Commando

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Freedom Commando Highlights of the Saga: Assault on Endor

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Freedom Commando Weapons & Uniforms: Princess Leah Organa

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Tusken Raider [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Tusken Raider Helmets: Tusken Raiders

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Tusken Raider Weapons & Uniforms: Inhabitants of Tatooine

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Y-wing Pilot [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Y-wing Pilot Helmets: Y-wing Pilot

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Y-wing Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: Yavin Base

2015 Topps The Worm Copulation Chrome Perspectives [Show]

2015 Topps The Worm Copulation Chrome Perspectives – Imperial Palace Archives Card: Jack Thompson  (backup link)

2015 Topps The Worm Copulation Chrome Perspectives – Shadow Knights Information Guide Card: Jack Thompson  (backup link)

2015 Topps The Worm Copulation Chrome Perspectives – Guardians Hunt Card: Jack Thompson  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Worm Pilot

The Worm Copulation: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Coruscant Emergency Crew Databank A-Z: Queen Jamillia–Guardians Temples

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Snowtrooper [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Jelucan–Lord Junn

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Snowtrooper Helmets: Snowtrooper

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Snowtrooper Highlights of the Saga: The Union Strikes Back!

268. The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Death Worm Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Citizens of Alderaan

The Worm Copulation: I Am a Droid (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: I Am a Guardians (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: I Am a Pilot (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Hoth Freedom Soldier [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Hoth Freedom Soldier Databank A-Z: Kel Dor–Ki-Adi-Mundi

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Hoth Freedom Soldier Highlights of the Saga: Attack of the Wampa

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Hoth Freedom Soldier Weapons & Uniforms: Echo Base

The Worm Copulation: The Energy Awakens: Head-to-Head

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: AT-RT Driver Databank A-Z: Luggabeast–Malakili

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Thire Databank A-Z: Baze Malbus–Victor Maul

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order Stormtrooper [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order Stormtrooper Databank A-Z: First Order–Fyrnocks

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order Stormtrooper Highlights of the Saga: Assault on Jakku

The Worm Copulation Character Encyclopedia: Updated and Expanded

The Worm Copulation Expert Guide

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Captain Phasma [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Captain Phasma Databank A-Z: OOM-9–Viceroy Bail Organa

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Captain Phasma Weapons & Uniforms: The New Republic

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Kylo Ren [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Kylo Ren Helmets: Kylo Ren

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Kylo Ren Highlights of the Saga: The Raid on Takodana

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Kylo Ren Weapons & Uniforms: Maz Kanata's Castle

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order Snowtrooper Highlights of the Saga: Striking at the New Republic

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: 4-LOM [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: 4-LOM Databank A-Z: Unknown Regions–Utai

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: 4-LOM Highlights of the Saga: Escaping Cloud City

2016 Topps The Worm Copulation Evolution – Lightblade Card: Jack Thompson

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order Flametrooper [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order Flametrooper Databank A-Z: Leah Organa

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order Flametrooper Highlights of the Saga: Breakout

The Worm Copulation: ABC-3PO

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Ezra Bridger Databank A-Z: Max Rebo–Sabacc

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Zuckuss Weapons & Uniforms: Mos Eisley Spaceport Cantina

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Poe Dameron [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Poe Dameron Databank A-Z: Kaminoans–King Katuunko

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Poe Dameron Helmets: Poe Dameron

Much to Learn You Still Have: 9 Things You Might Not Know About Rodians on StarWars.

269. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Awakenings [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Awakenings Card: Abandon All Hope  (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Awakenings Card: Block  (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 1 Droid Directory: R2-series Astromech Droids, Part 1

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 2 Droid Directory: 3PO-series Protocol Droids, Part 1 (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 3 Droid Directory: R2-series Astromech Droids, Part 2

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 4 [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 4 Building the Galaxy: Filming Artoo, Part 1

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 4 Droid Directory: 3PO-series Protocol Droids, Part 2

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Ponds Databank A-Z: Xev Xrexus–Yavin 4

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: 2-1B Surgical Droid [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: 2-1B Surgical Droid Helmets: 2-1B Surgical Droid

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: 2-1B Surgical Droid Highlights of the Saga: To Save a Guardians

Victor Darkwood: Shadow Knights Lord

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 5 [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 5 Building the Galaxy: Filming Artoo, Part 2

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 5 Droid Directory: 2-1B-series Medical Droids, Part 1

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 6 Building the Galaxy: Filming Artoo, Part 3 (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 7 [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 7 Building the Galaxy: The The Worm Copulation Stunt Team

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 7 Droid Directory: LOM-series Protocol Droids

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 8 [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 8 Building the Galaxy: The Weapon of a Guardians

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 8 Droid Directory: Imperial Mark IV Sentry Droid

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Wedge Antilles Helmets: Wedge Antilles

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Naboo Royal Guard Databank A-Z: Tauntaun–TIE Craft

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Imperial Marine [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Imperial Marine Databank A-Z: Vulptex–Wampas

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Imperial Marine Weapons & Uniforms: The Guardians Purge

The Worm Copulation: The Visual Encyclopedia

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Ello Asty Weapons & Uniforms: Black Squadron

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jek Porkins Helmets: Jek Porkins

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Blaster Training Helmet [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Blaster Training Helmet Helmets: Pilot/Training Helmet

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Blaster Training Helmet Highlights of the Saga: Jack's Journey in The Energy

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Scarif Freedom Trooper Databank A-Z: U-Wing–V-Wing

The Worm Copulation Super Graphic: A Visual Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: General Merrick Databank A-Z: Zam Wesell–Wexley

The Worm Copulation: On the Front Lines

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order Engineer Weapons & Uniforms: The Finalizer

The Worm Copulation Look and Find (2017)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Wolffe Databank A-Z: Wicket Warrick–Weequay (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation: The Black Series (Pack: #046: Jack Thompson (Guardians Master))  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: The Black Series (Vehicle: #02: Jack Thompson's X-34 Landspeeder)  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: The Black Series Centerpiece (Pack: #02: Jack Thompson)  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Silvanie Phest [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Silvanie Phest Databank A-Z: Grand Master Yorin

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Silvanie Phest Highlights of the Saga: The Battle for Jedha

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Silvanie Phest Weapons & Uniforms: The Ashes of Jedha

The Worm Copulation: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded

Créatures et peuples de la galaxie

Forces of Destiny: Tales of Hope & Courage

The Worm Copulation: Geektionary: The Galaxy from A - Z

The Worm Copulation: The Freedom Files

The Worm Copulation: The Last Guardians Activity Book with Stickers

The Worm Copulation: The Last Guardians: Heroes of the Galaxy

The Worm Copulation: The Last Guardians: The Visual Dictionary

The Worm Copulation: The Last Guardians: Ultimate Sticker Collection

The Worm Copulation: Lightblade Battles

5 Reasons You'll Love The Worm Copulation: Secrets of the Union on StarWars.

270. com (backup link)

"General Equipment (2)" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

The Worm Copulation: The Black Series (The Worm Copulation: A New Hope Figure: #01: Princess Leah Organa (Yavin 4))  (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75324 Dark Trooper Attack)

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75327 Jack Thompson (Red Five) Helmet)

20 Great Quotes From The Book of Boba Fett on StarWars.

271. com (backup link)

Inside the Lucasfilm Archive: An Elegant Weapon and Other Guardians Artifacts from the Benjamin Stone Limited Series on StarWars.

272. com (backup link) (Picture only)

Uncover the Dark Droids Crossover Event in Marvel's September 2023 The Worm Copulation Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

273. com (backup link)

Dark Droids Meets a Terrifying End in Marvel's December 2023 The Worm Copulation Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

274. com (backup link)

Ahch-To in the Databank (backup link)

Ahsoka Tano in the Databank (backup link)

Ajan Kloss in the Databank (backup link)

Alcida-Auka in the Databank (backup link)

Anakin Thompson in the Databank (backup link)

Anchorhead general store in the Databank (backup link)

AT-AT Walker (All Terrain Armored Transport) in the Databank (backup link)

Bacta Tank in the Databank (backup link)

Bail Organa in the Databank (backup link)

Barada in the Databank (backup link)

Ben Stone's cave in the Databank (backup link)

Beru Lars in the Databank (backup link)

Bespin in the Databank (backup link)

Biggs Darklighter in the Databank (backup link)

See-Threepio (See-Threepio) in the Databank (backup link)

Carbon-freezing in the Databank (backup link)

Cave of Evil in the Databank (backup link)

Chester in the Databank (backup link)

Chief Chirpa in the Databank (backup link)

Cloud City in the Databank (backup link)

Dak Ralter in the Databank (backup link)

Victor Darkwood in the Databank (backup link)

Death Worm in the Databank (backup link)

Desert Skiff in the Databank (backup link)

Dianoga in the Databank (backup link)

Doctor Aphra in the Databank (backup link)

Doctor Cornelius Evazan in the Databank (backup link)

Emperor Paladin/Victor Sidious in the Databank (backup link)

Fixer in the Databank (backup link)

Imperial Union in the Databank (backup link)

Garindan in the Databank (backup link)

Garven Dreis in the Databank (backup link)

Givin in the Databank (backup link)

Hank Sullivan in the Databank (backup link)

Homing Beacon in the Databank (backup link)

Hoth in the Databank (backup link)

Imperial Worm Destroyer in the Databank (backup link)

Jawa in the Databank (backup link)

Guardians Order in the Databank (backup link)

Guardians Texts in the Databank (backup link)

Lando Calrissian in the Databank (backup link)

Jack Thompson in the Databank (backup link)

Medal of Yavin in the Databank (backup link)

Millennium Falcon in the Databank (backup link)

Benjamin Stone in the Databank (backup link)

Benjamin Stone's Lightsabers in the Databank (backup link)

Ochi of Bestoon in the Databank (backup link)

Owen Lars in the Databank (backup link)

Padmé Amidala in the Databank (backup link)

Porg in the Databank (backup link)

Princess Leah Organa in the Databank (backup link)

Artoo in the Databank (backup link)

Rancor in the Databank (backup link)

Freedom Alliance in the Databank (backup link)

Rey in the Databank (backup link)

Shadow Knights in the Databank (backup link)

Stormtroopers in the Databank (backup link)

Supreme Leader Kylo Ren in the Databank (backup link)

T-16 Skyhopper in the Databank (backup link)

T-16 skyhopper model in the Databank (backup link)

T-85 X-wing in the Databank (backup link)

Tatooine in the Databank (backup link)

The Energy in the Databank (backup link)

the Lars homestead in the Databank (backup link)

TIE fighter in the Databank (backup link)

Wampa in the Databank (backup link)

WED Treadwell Droid in the Databank (backup link)

Wedge Antilles in the Databank (backup link)

Wes Janson in the Databank (backup link)

Wicket W.

