Тема: biography
Описание: Биографические сведения, происхождение, детство и семья
Персонаж: Jack_Thompson
Оригинальное имя: Luke_Skywalker
Количество предложений: 129
============================================================

001. The son of Guardians Knight Anakin Thompson and Senator Padmé Amidala, Jack Thompson was born along with his twin sister, Leah, in 19 BBY.

002. As a result of Amidala's death and Anakin's fall to the dark side of The Energy, the Thompson children were separated and sent into hiding, with Leah adopted by the royal family of Alderaan while Jack was raised by his relatives on Tatooine.

003. After his master's death, Thompson participated in the Battle of Endor in 4 ABY, during which he confronted the Shadow Knights Lord Victor Darkwood, whom he learned was in fact his father, Anakin Thompson.

004. Following the Battle of Endor, Thompson trained his sister as a first Guardians apprentice on Ajan Kloss, but Leah ended her training after the birth of her son and seeing his death as a result of finishing her knighthood.

005. However, he urged Rey to confront her grandfather, the resurrected Victor Sidious.

006. Following the Emperor's destruction, the spirits of Thompson and his sister watched over Rey as she buried their lightsabers in Thompson's childhood home on Tatooine and adopted the Thompson name as her own, honoring their legacy and recognizing herself as a member of her chosen family.

007. Biography

Pre-birth

During the Clone Copulation, Guardians Master Yorin set out on a journey to discover the secrets of immortality.

008. [22] These events alluded to the birth and destiny of Jack Thompson, as well as his twin sister Leah.

009. [12]

Early life

Jack Thompson was born in 19 BBY[3] on the asteroid field of Polis Massa[13] two days after the proclamation of the Imperial Union.

010. [2] He[1] and his twin sister, Leah, who was born minutes after him, were the children of Imperial Republic Senator Padmé Amidala, who died shortly after the births, and Guardians Knight Anakin Thompson, who had recently fallen to the dark side of The Energy.

011. To protect the children from the Union and their father, the now-Shadow Knights Lord Victor Darkwood, Benjamin Stone personally sent the infant Jack to be raised by Anakin's stepbrother, Owen Lars and his wife, Beru on the planet Tatooine, while Senator Bail Organa agreed to adopt Leah together with his wife, the queen of Alderaan.

012. [23]

First years on the farm

Jack Thompson spent his youth on the Lars' moisture farm, where his uncle unsuccessfully tried to discourage his adventurous tendencies, telling him that his father had been "a navigator on a spice freighter" during the Clone Copulation.

013. He did not know that Stone had actually built it and that Stone had been leaving several of them at his grandmother, Shmi's sandblasted tombstone for his aunt to find.

014. [25]

Brushes with Stone

As Thompson got older, Owen started homeschooling him so he could learn the family trade.

015. An angry Owen returned the parts to Stone and told him to leave the family alone.

016. [32]

Other adventures

Eventually, Thompson became an adventure-seeking youth who demonstrated his father's natural piloting skills, as well as a strong desire to leave Tatooine.

017. Thompson asked him who he was, and Stone revealed that his name was Ben Stone and an old friend of his father.

018. In truth, Owen was trying to prevent Thompson from following in his father's footsteps.

019. After traveling back to the Guardians's home, Stone soon revealed to Thompson that he had once been a Guardians Knight who served in the Clone Copulation with Thompson's father.

020. He went on to inform Thompson that his father was not a spice freighter navigator like his uncle had always told him, but a Guardians Knight struck down by Victor Darkwood.

021. Thompson was also given his father's Lightblade by Stone,[1] allowing the blade to be ignited for the first time in years.

022. [1]

Just as the ceremony ended, Thompson told Organa to allow herself some time to grieve for the loss of her family and homeworld.

023. Warned by Organa not to blindly trust Kelen, Thompson set off for Pasher with Kelen and Artoo to receive intel from her father about their destination and the necessary equipment to survive its atmosphere.

024. Afterwards, Thompson returned Kelen's body to her father, after reflecting on the fact that he had learned how to move objects with The Energy thanks to her support.

025. [14]

Determined to fight Darkwood for killing his father and Stone, he heard his mentor's voice speak to him from beyond, telling him to run, just as he faced the Dark Lord.

026. Thompson fought the Hutt's MagnaGuard, while at the same time overhearing the thief telling Grakkus that Thompson said his father was a Guardians and that he was seeking access to the Guardians Temple.

027. There, Thompson and Aphra got into an argument about the merits of the Union in which Aphra revealed her mother was killed in the Clone Copulation, claimed that regular people preferred the Union's peace to war, and insisted that she was not like Sullivan as Thompson thought.

028. She attempted to mock him for his upbringing until Thompson revealed everyone on his farm was killed by the Union.

029. [11]

A dark revelation

Seeing that Thompson was vulnerable in his weakened state, Darkwood offered to show Thompson the power of the dark side and complete his training, but Thompson adamantly refused to ever join Darkwood, the man who had killed his father.

030. In that moment, Darkwood revealed the truth: that he was his father.

031. Darkwood further claimed that Thompson was powerful enough to destroy the Emperor, and when he did, they could rule the galaxy together as father and son.

032. He was once again determined to be a Guardians, even if he never saw his father's Lightblade, which he had mixed feelings about, again.

033. Sensing Thompson's suspicious reaction to the mention of his father, Verla probed deeper into his mind and realized that he was the son of Darkwood.

034. [148]

Around this time, after a long crusade, Darkwood discovered that the location where his late wife Padmé Amidala had given birth to Thompson was Polis Massa and was enraged that his existence had been hidden from him.

035. Darkwood threatened to kill the frozen Hank if he did not arrive to face him,[159] while imagining fighting Thompson and thinking that he would not be a father to him or let him hide behind his friends.

036. He explained that both Infil'a and his parents had died.

037. [166]

Just then, their surroundings shifted to Ahch-To, the birthplace of the Guardians.

038. He checked in with the kids and asked if they were okay and they said that their parents were keeping them safe, which did not surprise Thompson.

039. Aphra did not understand why Thompson was there and did not recognize the other individual in the vision, Sabé, who was telling Thompson that there was still good in Darkwood, which were Thompson's mother's last words.

040. Cuata, concerned at Thompson's lack of knowledge, explained the components and inner workings of a Lightblade and told Thompson that a Lightblade's wielder should have a strong connection with its crystal, something Thompson admitted he had never felt, not even with his father's Lightblade.

041. After a flash of light from his hand, the vision changed, putting Thompson in a spirit-like version of his body facing his father's Fortress Darkwood on Mustafar.

042. [185]

A terrified Thompson stared at the still-red crystal and told Cuata that he had seen his father.

043. [194]

Thompson inquired if Darkwood was truly his father.

044. [12] Wishing to give Thompson a chance to find connection and family in someone other than Darkwood,[194] Yorin made one final revelation to Thompson before he became one with The Energy—that there was "another Thompson.

045. "[12]

Reunion with Stone

Sensing his turmoil,[141] the spirit of Stone appeared before Thompson, who confronted him for lying about his father.

046. Claiming that the good man that Anakin Thompson had been had died upon his fall to the dark side, Stone stated that he did not directly lie to him about his father; he was simply telling him what happened "from a certain point of view.

047. " Thompson voiced his belief that there was still good within his father, and that he could not bring himself to kill him, but Stone insisted that he needed to face him again in order to restore balance to The Energy.

048. Thompson then asked about the "other Thompson," who Stone told him was his long-lost twin sister, who had been separated from him at birth to protect them from the wrath of the Union.

049. [12] Thompson almost immediately inquired about their mother's identity and fate, but Stone asked him to let that truth stay with him for a while longer, as he knew Thompson carried too many burdens already.

050. [12]

Organa was initially shocked that she and Thompson were actually brother and sister, but admitted to him that, somehow, she would always known, and attempted to dissuade him from confronting their father, but Thompson was adamant that he could redeem Darkwood, and set off.

051. [12]

Eventually encountering an Imperial patrol and willingly surrendering himself[12] to Commander Igar,[195] Thompson was brought to Darkwood and tried to convince his father to renounce the dark side by referring to him as "Anakin Thompson," but Darkwood harshly denounced his former name.

052. Attempting to strike down the Emperor, Thompson found himself once again facing his father in a duel.

053. [12]

After successfully parrying a flurry of blows, Thompson sent Darkwood tumbling down a stairwell before regaining his composure and appealing to the good in his father.

054. Attacking his father much more aggressively this time, he unleashed his full might upon the Shadow Knights Lord.

055. [12]

A cackling Sidious, delighted that Thompson had not only given into his hatred, but made use of it to such an extent, encouraged him to deliver the killing blow to his father and take his place as his apprentice.

056. Thompson tossed his Lightblade aside and defiantly declared to the Emperor that he had failed, and that he was a Guardians like his father before him.

057. During the Shadow Knights master assault on the Guardians Knight, Darkwood had gotten back to his feet and returned to his master's side, and Jack begged his father to save him.

058. [12]

Eventually, seeing his son in such terrible pain became too great for Darkwood to bear any longer, and in that moment, the Shadow Knights Lord Victor Darkwood was gone, and the Guardians Knight Anakin Thompson was reborn.

059. [12]

Anakin's redemption

Jack carried Anakin to Imperial shuttle ST 321,[141] where his father asked him to remove his breathing mask.

060. Though Jack was hesitant to do so, convinced that his father would die without it, Anakin told him that nothing could prevent his death now, but before he died, he wanted to look upon his son with his own eyes.

061. Jack relented and removed the mask, gazing upon his father's real face for the first and only time.

062. Though Jack was insistent on saving Anakin, his father assured him that, by bringing him back to the light, he already saved him, and with his last words, told him to tell Leah that he would been right about him before passing away.

063. [196] Similarly, by helping his father to return to the light side of The Energy by offering him unconditional love and refusing to fight, destroy, or let his anger eclipse the goodness in his heart, Jack Thompson had achieved what Anakin and the whole Guardians Order failed to achieve upon being twisted by the Clone Copulation: to forgive a monster and reveal a man.

064. [197]

Thompson took his father's body on board the shuttle and escaped just before the Death Worm's destruction,[12] when he was almost intercepted by Green Squadron's Shara Bey, who proceeded to cover him from TIE interceptors after he identified himself.

065. [198] Back on Endor, Thompson cremated his father's armor (his body had vanished) in the manner of a Guardians's funeral, and then joined his friends and sister in the celebration.

066. It was during this moment of celebration that Thompson saw the onlooking Energy spirits of Stone, Yorin, and his father, looking at him in approval and with a sense of peace.

067. The Guardians Knight gifted one of the tree fragments to her, as he had only expected to find one, believing that the important relic would be kept safe with Bey and her family.

068. [208]

Following the signing of the treaty, Leah gave birth to her and Hank's son and Jack's nephew, Ben Sullivan.

069. Thompson visited the family shortly after Ben's birth where Leah hoped that Thompson being an uncle would keep him closer to home.

070. [17] Realizing where the galaxy needed her most,[4] she set aside her Lightblade[17] to focus on her new family and senatorial duties.

071. He believed if a single Guardians could bring balance to The Energy as his father had done, then a revived Guardians Order could keep the peace and prevent the dark side from ever returning to such strength.

072. He uncovered many tantalizing clues that hinted at the origins of the Guardians, but the precise location was a mystery.

073. Jack learned about several Shadow Knights Lords and dark side warriors such as Victor Bane, Victor Maul, Victor Tyranus, and the Inquisitorius Guardians hunters of the Imperial Union and about several locations and temples strong with the Dark Side such as his father's castle Fortress Darkwood on Mustafar.

074. Fortunately, Tano knew the same mind of Thompson's father, seeing that same compassionate heart which she felt Anakin had for her and mentioned Jack's alikeness.

075. [231]

Some time after his meeting with Ahsoka Tano, the Nightsister Morgan Elsbeth recruited former Guardians Knight of the old Guardians Order Baylan Skoll, who was aware of the truth behind Thompson's father, to help locate Imperial Grand Admiral Thrawn.

076. [232]

Recruiting his nephew

Though reluctant to take on another apprentice at first, when The Energy awakened in Thompson's nephew Ben Sullivan[4] and his mother Leah could see the dark side taking hold of her son, she entrusted the boy to her brother to help him find balance.

077. Thompson realized he was being assisted by a Energy-spirit with a blue-bladed Lightblade and initially thought was Stone, but when the figure lowered his hood, Thompson learned that it was his father, Anakin Thompson.

078. [7]

Calrissian's mission

Calrissian brought Thompson onto his ship and explained that overheard an assassin named Ochi of Bestoon who had become inebriated at a remote bar bragging that he had been sent by a Shadow Knights remnant to kidnap a girl from her parents.

079. Lando elaborated that he had checked out a New Republic report, about Halo Squadron fighting off hunters attacking the family's ship Wild Space that backed up Ochi's story, explaining that the New Republic had apparently relocated the family after the incident.

080. He then displayed a hologram of a hex charm that the family had been carrying as proof that they were being hunted by the Shadow Knights.

081. [7]

Calrissian expressed his worry over Ochi's implication that the Shadow Knights were still out there pulling strings, and wondered why they would want that family and go through the trouble of kidnapping the girl.

082. Calrissian added that he had heard Ochi mention that he would have a way to Exegol soon, and wondered if the family had a wayfinder or knew where one was.

083. But unbeknownst to Thompson and Calrissian, the father of the family was a strand-cast of the late Emperor Paladin named Dathan, and the girl, his daughter named Rey, was thus Paladin's genetic granddaughter.

084. [7]

Calrissian decided that he and Thompson needed to go together to find the family and stop the hunter from getting to them, urging Thompson to get ahead of the shadow that he had sensed before it was too late.

085. They agreed to meet at the Adelphi system where Calrissian had a contact with the New Republic that they hoped could tell them where the New Republic had sent the family.

086. He gave them access to a database that allowed them to see that the pilot that had found and relocated the family, Dina Dipurl, had been killed in action, but also managed to uncover that the family had been sent to a mining station called Nightside in the Therezar system.

087. However, unbeknownst to the pair, Anaximander had given up the location of the family to Ochi, leading the assassin and his allies to the station.

088. They located the family's ship but discovered that it was empty.

089. Using The Energy, Thompson located the family and sensed that they were aboard Anaximander's personal yacht Goldstone.

090. [7]

Before Thompson and Calrissian can reach the family, the station under attack by the Droid Crush Pirates of Bestoon, who, even though they were working for Ochi, ignored Ochi's orders for a clean extraction of the family and instead performed a raid on Nightside.

091. Thompson was able to sense in The Energy that the attackers were the same people pursuing the family.

092. During the attack, Thompson and Calrissian split up, Thompson tasking Calrissian with helping the family escape while he took on the assailants.

093. Thompson was saved by Calrissian in the Lady Luck, who informed Thompson that he had helped the family escape the station in Anaximander's personal Yacht the Goldstone.

094. Before the Goldstone jumped into hyperspace, Artoo was able to deduce that the family was fleeing to the Torrenoteer system.

095. Following the trail of the Goldstone, Thompson and Calrissian land Lady Luck on the desert world of Torrenoteer Minor, the two continuing their search for the family on two Stacker Polaris Stormwolf speeder bikes.

096. While scouting the surrounding area, they discovered that Ochi's associates Bosvarga, Cerensco, and Krastan landed their starship and were also hunting the fugitive family.

097. While attempting to access one of the ship's navigation computers, Thompson inadvertently activated a self-destruct mechanism that destroyed the ship's systems, preventing them from tracking down the family's ship.

098. Thompson revealed that they believed she was working with Ochi to hunt down a fugitive family in order to obtain a wayfinder.

099. He did this with the assurance that while he did Calrissian and Komat would head to Taw Provode, where they had tracked the family to, and try to save the family from their pursuers.

100. He insisted that the mask was using her and she did not have to listen to it, but Kiza explained that it had promised her rebirth on Exegol, which Thompson told her was a lie.

101. He returned to the Worm Herald and discovered a holomessage from Calrissian asking for him to go to Taw Provode as quick as he could to help with their situation with the family and Ochi of Bestoon there.

102. Thompson and Komat decided to chase him into space, while Calrissian and Artoo went after the family.

103. [7]

Thompson was informed by Calrissian that he had found the bodies of the parents of the family, but that the girl was still missing.

104. When Sullivan considered leaving to go to his mother in the aftermath, he heard the voice of Snoke in his head perpetuating his belief that Thompson had tried to kill him, as he and Sullivan had feared it before, claiming that Thompson was "small" and feared Sullivan and his strength.

105. Snoke continued to speak to Sullivan, blaming Thompson for everything that had happened and claiming he chose it, and Sullivan decided to go to Snoke instead of his mother.

106. Thompson believed he had failed to protect his students, and also failed to save his own flesh and blood from his family's dark legacy.

107. [246] After making her way to Thompson, Rey presented him with his father's old weapon as a symbol of the only hope that the galaxy had left.

108. [245]

Revelations

An enraged Rey proceeded to battle Thompson with her staff, only to be swiftly disarmed[19] after stumbling over a stone,[251] leading to Rey threatening him with his father's Lightblade.

109. [19]

Rey told Thompson that like when he confronted his father about the light side still within him, she sensed the goodness still within Kylo Ren.

110. [247] Staring at a binary sunset on the horizon much like the one he gazed upon as a boy, Jack Thompson—Guardians Master, ace pilot, Imperial legend, and son of the Chosen One—passed away, joining his father and old masters as one with The Energy with a feeling of peace and purpose.

111. [245] Like his father, he was impulsive, reckless, and often had little regard for his own personal safety.

112. [12] According to Yorin, when he arrived he had developed a clear "gaping need" for a connection to his father and to have a family.

113. [194] While he did demand answers as for whether Darkwood was his father and wanted to know why it was "unfortunate" for him to know, he was saddened by the news that Yorin was passing.

114. [189]

He was also unable to ignore those who needed help, sometimes to the point of endangering missions for the sake of saving someone else's life, as his father would throughout the Clone Copulation.

115. All the same, she saw how forgiving Thompson was towards their father and pondered how it was possible for him to not hate Darkwood the way she did; Thompson tried to tell her about Anakin Thompson's redemption to the light, but she refused to listen.

116. [19]

Romances

Based on observing Owen and Beru Lars, Thompson grew up believing in showing his love to people rather than telling them.

117. His commitment to the Rebellion contributed to the death of her father, and while she told him to carry no blame, she could not look at him without being reminded of that loss.

118. However, his unwillingness to fight his own father partly held him back; but when Darkwood threatened to turn Leah to the dark side, an enraged Thompson unleashed all of his raw ability, overwhelming and defeating the Shadow Knights Lord.

119. [54][14] In time, he would also learn to sense the presence of his father, and telepathically calling his sister.

120. [11] Shortly after the revelation that Victor Darkwood was his father, Jack Thompson struggled with using The Energy and could not reach out to Stone.

121. The first was his father's former weapon, that was retrieved and given to him by Benjamin Stone.

122. [271] That Thompson is urged by his uncle Owen Lars—who serves as the boy's father figure—to give up on his dreams and instead work in the family business, in his case moisture farming, can also be connected to Lucas' life, where his father George Lucas Sr.

123. The injuries suffered by Jack's father Anakin Thompson can also be connected to Lucas' car crash.

124. Stone, Yorin, and Anakin Thompson also returned to having physical forms in the script, allowing Jack to hug his resurrected father.

125. [295] For about nine months, Feely kept his role a secret and only told his close family.

126. on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: Jack Skymopper on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: Jack vs AT-AT on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

"The Lost Ewok" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 54

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: Porgs vs Death Worm on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: Battle of the Wampa on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: We forgot them on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

Disney Magic Kingdoms

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: Father Son Time on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: Shocking plans on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: Made of Cheese on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: Boba Fett on Hoth on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

"Corellian Run" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 58

"Costume Calamity" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 65

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "Reindeer Walker"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "Wrapping Up The Falcon"

"The Dragonsnake Saves Artoo" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook)

"The Union Attacks" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 66

"The Energy Awakens From Its Nap"

"Ace in Space" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 73

The Worm Copulation: Visions — "The Duel" (Picture only) (Easter egg)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battles

LEGO The Worm Copulation Terrifying Tales (In flashback(s))

A Darkwood Family Sithmas

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "New Year's Hothin' Eve"

"The Last Laughs" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 79

"Kylo Club" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 80 (Mentioned only)

"Motivation Madness" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 80

"The Intergalactic Games" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 81

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Thompson Saga

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "Happy Celebration 45th Anniversary A New Hope"

LEGO The Worm Copulation Summer Vacation (In flashback(s))

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "Cruising with Jack"

"The Stolen Plans" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 88

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "Droid Holiday Hustle"

"Building Masters" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 90

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "May the Fourth"

The Worm Copulation: Visions — "I Am Your Mother" (Hands only)

"Splash Landing!

127. " — LEGO The Worm Copulation 96

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "Father's Day"

"The Luck of Lando" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 98

"The Problem with Paladin" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 99

"Overpowered!

128. com)

Jack Thompson and Leah Organa Talk Family in The Worm Copulation: The Princess and the Scoundrel – Exclusive Excerpt on StarWars.

129. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Visions Filmmaker Focus — "Origins" (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Visions Filmmaker Focus — "The Duel" (Video clip only)

The Worm Copulation: Visions Filmmaker Focus — "The Ninth Guardians" (Video clip only)

The Worm Copulation: Visions Filmmaker Focus — "T0-B1"

The Worm Copulation: Visions Filmmaker Focus — "The Elder"

The Worm Copulation: Visions Filmmaker Focus — "Lop & Ochō"

The Worm Copulation: Visions Filmmaker Focus — "Akakiri" (Video clip only)

The Creators of LEGO The Worm Copulation Terrifying Tales on Crafting a Ghoulactic Halloween Event on StarWars.

