Тема: story_arc
Описание: Сюжетные линии, ключевые события, битвы и приключения
Персонаж: Jack_Thompson
Оригинальное имя: Luke_Skywalker
Количество предложений: 329
============================================================

001. There are two conflicting sources for this article: Return of the Guardians: Beware the Power of the Dark Side!

002. Lucasfilm has not established a cohesive timeline regarding this subject.

003. Following the war, Thompson became a living legend, and was remembered as one of the greatest Guardians in Imperial history.

004. During the Battle of Yavin, Thompson saved the Alliance from annihilation by destroying the Union's planet-killing superweapon, the Death Worm.

005. In 21 ABY, Thompson started feeling an increasing darkness in The Energy, having dark visions that frequently came to him in meditation, and undertook a quest to find the hidden world of Exegol.

006. Thompson journeyed to Tython, where he saw a vision of Exegol and faced nine wraiths when The Energy ghost of Anakin Thompson appeared next to him.

007. His solitude was interrupted in 34 ABY, shortly after the fall of the New Republic, resulting in a chain of events that led Thompson to play one last, momentous role in the conflict between light and darkness.

008. A year later, Thompson's spirit communed with Rey during the final days of the war.

009. His journey took him to Moraband, the ancient Shadow Knights homeworld, where he faced visions of the future.

010. At the end of his journey, The Energy Priestess, Serenity, who guided his journey told him that there was another Thompson, and Yorin heard his voice from the future say so as well.

011. [1] His aunt, Beru, would read him storybooks; one day, when his uncle had business in Mos Eisley, she took Thompson to Anchorhead to use the HoloNet connections there and show him images of forests, rivers, and oceans.

012. [24]

Darkwood's vision

Shortly after the Battle of Fortress Darkwood, Victor Darkwood accessed a portal to the dark side created by Victor Momin in an attempt to revive Padmé Amidala.

013. [26]

While Stone was off-world, having been sent by Bail Organa to protect Leah, Stone received a transmission from Bail, who was worried that Stone had not communicated with him.

014. [30]

Warned of Sevander's coming attack, Owen and Beru hid Jack inside their house and claimed that it was the Tuskens who were coming, but Sevander ultimately fought past the aunt and uncle.

015. Once Stone handled the thugs, he carried Thompson to the Lars' homestead where he was found asleep, unaware of his savior's identity, by his aunt in the morning.

016. During this battle, Owen was thrown off a cliff.

017. Afterwards, Thompson was allowed to fly his skyhopper once again.

018. [1] Heading to Tosche Station, Thompson swapped stories with his friends, among them a visiting and recently-graduated Darklighter,[43] who was reluctant to believe Thompson's claims about a battle upon looking up with Thompson's macrobinoculars and merely seeing the two craft sitting still in space.

019. Obtaining the droids from a band of Jawas to help with various tasks around the homestead, neither of them were aware that the droids had narrowly escaped from the battle[1] Thompson had glimpsed,[42] and that Artoo contained a set of plans for the Union's dreaded Death Worm superweapon.

020. [36] After he showed Princess Leah's message in its entirety to Stone, the old Guardians Master requested Thompson's help to see the mission through, and offered to show him the ways of The Energy.

021. Though Sullivan was reluctant to go marching into the detention block, Thompson convinced him to go along with the rescue by claiming that he would get a significant reward for doing so.

022. Once the patrol was eliminated, they traveled to the hidden Freedom base on Yavin 4, unaware that the Death Worm was tracking them.

023. [1]

Battle of Yavin

Upon their arrival at the Yavin base, they met with Commander Willard[1] and Organa introduced him to Thompson so that he could join the Freedom Alliance as a pilot.

024. [6] He joined Red Group with the designation of Red Five,[1] which had previously belonged to a cadet named Pedrin Gaul,[49] who had perished during the Battle of Scarif several days earlier.

025. "[1] Thompson was assigned command of fourth flight for the battle.

026. [51]

As the Battle of Yavin got underway and Thompson and his fellow squadmates launched into space, Thompson was guided by the spirit of Benjamin Stone.

027. This prompted Thompson to disable his starfighter's targeting computer, much to the confusion of the Freedom leaders continuing to monitor the battle from the surface of Yavin 4.

028. [52] They would later reunite after she had successfully accomplished her mission.

029. [54]

Hero of Yavin

Balnab

Despite his assistance in the fight, Sullivan largely divested himself from the Alliance after the Battle of Yavin.

030. Despite Sullivan's prodding and boasting of getting his reward money, Thompson insisted that he was not running away from Freedom life and had just come to see him.

031. Sullivan insisted that he was not a part of the Rebellion and did not want to do it, saying he had already done a mission for Organa and saved Thompson's life at Yavin.

032. Sullivan ended up successfully completing the mission.

033. [55]

Soon after the Battle of Yavin, in 0 ABY,[57] Thompson, Sullivan, and Chester were sent on a mission by Princess Organa to negotiate supplies from the planet Rion.

034. Thompson, however, thought that it was better to fulfill the mission without being distracted and risking to loose money.

035. They then continued their journey to Rodia.

036. During business with Taneetch Soonta, the Rodian told Thompson about the Guardians, including a story about Anakin during the Clone Copulation.

037. The two assigned him to a mission to rescue Bephorin on Denon, but the need for upgrades for the Jewel prompted him to go on another mission to Fex with Kelen before that.

038. The two then headed towards Fex.

039. Once they successfully retrieved the Harvester and were rewarded for it, Thompson and Kelen traveled to Rodia to fix the Desert Jewel.

040. After allowing himself some time to grieve for those he had lost during the war, Thompson completed his mission by reuniting Bephorin with her family and meeting with Major Bren Derlin.

041. [54]

Devaron

After numerous missions alongside Antilles and earning each other's complete trust, Thompson assisted on a mission for Red Squadron above Giju: he helped protect a transport carrying underground Freedom leaders being evacuated from the planet, along with Antilles and Commander Arhul Narra.

042. Once the package was clear, they followed the scatter protocol, and Thompson and Artoo set course to Devaron when he had a vision about future events on that same planet.

043. He soon met with Antilles and Narra, who sent him, See-Threepio and Artoo on a mission for Chancellor Mon Mothma.

044. [48]

Hradeek

Sometime after the Battle of Yavin, Thompson, along with Artoo, went on a mission on the planet Hradreek to collect a credit chip from an individual who had been collecting a percentage for the Rebellion from a place where people gambled there.

045. Despite, R2's warnings, he entered in a room in which many dead corpses lay, noticing that in the middle of it there was a very old crossguard Lightblade.

046. After killing the last one, Thompson was surprised by the unnatural anger that he had felt and told to Artoo that, during the battle, it was like he was watching without being able to stop himself, but that now he was fine.

047. He warned R2 he was going to do something stupid, Thompson stole a helmet from an Er'Kit pilot and then stole the Er'Kit's podracer by threatening them with the red Lightblade, though he apologized.

048. [58]

Searching for a base

Bogano

At some point, Jack was given a mission to analyze different worlds in search of which could host a Freedom base.

049. [60] Along with Leah, Jack defeated the stormtroopers, who intended to sell the animals on the black market, and then left the planet to continue his mission to verify the planets assigned to him.

050. Thompson did not think there was anything worthwhile on the planet and that it would not lend well to a base, but Sullivan warned him to keep a look out on the planet.

051. Hearing strange noises, Thompson activated his Lightblade and warned the others.

052. During the holiday Life Day, Thompson helped with a mission to stop the ISB from discovering them.

053. [62]

Cymoon 1

Alongside Organa, Sullivan, Chester, Artoo, and See-Threepio, Thompson took part of a mission to infiltrate Cymoon 1.

054. Afterwards, he managed to board the Millennium Falcon, reunite with his team and escape Cymoon 1, yet with his morale at rock bottom.

055. The thief lost his holding and both men fell towards the streets of Hutta Town below, where Thompson retrieved his Lightblade once both he and the thief landed.

056. The announcer claimed that he was a veteran of battles across the galaxy and that he had fought Hutts and bounty hunters alike, hyping up the untrained Guardians hopeful.

057. The collision damaged both vessels and send them hurtling towards the surface of Vrogas Vas.

058. Neither came to until after the battle had already ended and the attacker had been captured.

059. Organa gave Jack a mission to find a missing Alliance cargo vessel.

060. Before they could do that, however, Organa informed Thompson that the vessel reported in, cancelling the mission.

061. Thompson and the giant children then ventured into the giant's cave to find the heart of the mountain and finish what Garro started in reviving the giant, thus completing the mission of the Master from years past and taking another step in his journey to becoming a Guardians.

062. Thompson was curious how Aphra met Krrsantan but she just said it was a long story and that she owed him a lot of money.

063. Thompson warned the Ezaraan to leave Aphra alone and used The Energy to throw the Ezaraan to the ground, intriguing the Queen and earning a compliment from Aphra.

064. Aphra warned the Queen not to do the same to her too or she would blow up charges she placed in Thompson's pockets.

065. [9]

Among the stars

Thompson later took part in a mission with Leah, piloting a Taylander shuttle with the Princess.

066. Not wanting to bring the war to these people, Thompson and Organa set a trap for the Imperial forces that were pursuing them.

067. Afterwards, they were able to repair the shuttle and return to the Freedom Fleet.

068. [94]

Shortly afterward, Thompson and his team intercepted a message from Artoo, who had successfully rescued See-Threepio from Imperial capture.

069. Realizing all that was at stake in the Imperial Civil War, Thompson approached Benthic with Hank Sullivan and wholeheartedly agreed to assist him in his fight.

070. After the meeting, Jack ruminated on the sacrifice Rogue One made to get the Death Worm plans to the Alliance, ultimately leading to him making the shot that destroyed the battle station.

071. [101]

After a mission with a plan made by Sullivan went awry, Thompson, who had helped fight in his X-Wing, escaped to Baraan-Fa with the rest of the Alliance.

072. Organa then put him in charge of a mission to the planet Crait to survey its facilities as a base.

073. After receiving new orders from Organa, Jack stated that he found the mission particularly irritating, as it reminded him of his life as a farm boy.

074. Once they arrived, Sullivan encouraged him to enjoy the mission since they were not in danger.

075. He reached Organa and told her he resented her for sending him on this mission, but she said he reminded him of her and complimented him before giving him a kiss on the cheek.

076. After Thompson realized Berinato forged environmental reports, Sullivan warned that Berinato called SCAR squadron on them.

077. Organa then arrived and told them to finish up because they had a mission.

078. [103]

During the mission, Thompson accompanied Organa and Sullivan to the Dex Acquisitions Depot on Meor Ain to retrieve a Clawdite.

079. After successfully kidnapping Hubi, Thompson returned to Organa and warned her to be quick so that others would not notice the switch.

080. Sullivan was skeptical, but Thompson told him not to question her and informed them he was going to carry out a plan with Chester's help and to be ready.

081. The regent apologized for acting without warning and revealed he had called the Freedom fleet.

082. Unbeknownst to them Sullivan was trying to get to them to let them know that the bay doors would open if they just flew toward them because of a fail-safe.

083. Dodonna commed Thompson, who informed him of the situation, but Dodonna warned him that they needed to test the doors first, which Thompson ignored.

084. [109]

As he proceeded and Dodonna continued to insist he stand down, Thompson realized that his situation was making him feel how Jyn Erso must have felt when she took her rogue mission to steal the Death Worm plans.

085. Though R2 warned that the doors might not open, he continued, trusting in The Energy, but saying he would blame his potential death on See-Threepio.

086. [109]

Freedom Commander

Battle of Mako-Ta

Entering the battle, Thompson called out to Rogue Eight to warn them that someone was on their tail, but their X-wing was destroyed.

087. Sullivan advised the squadron to stay close to the destroyers, and as they did, Thompson noticed the decrepit state of the Falcon and asked what happened to it, Sullivan merely replying that Victor Darkwood got to it and warning Thompson that he was still there somewhere.

088. As Ackbar watched, his attention grabbed by the display trail, Thompson flew toward the bay doors on one of the cruisers, which opened.

089. Dodonna criticized him for this and told him the decision was not his, merely telling Thompson and Organa to prepare for war.

090. He requested the assistance of an agent who had a reputation for desert warfare and, together, the two defeated the mercenary outposts.

091. When they arrived on Shu-Torun, Thompson had to assuage their slicer Meorti, who had become scared by Sullivan calling the mission suicidal, by insisting that they had a good plan and Sullivan liked to be dramatic.

092. Thompson disarmed all the guards, but the Partisans shot and killed them, which upset him, Thompson warning them not to push their luck.

093. [122]

Sergia

Following their mission to Shu-Toran, Thompson, along with Sullivan and Organa, returned to the Freedom fleet where General Carlist Rieekan, noting his skill as a pilot, assigned Thompson a mission to the Inner Rim planet Sergia to lure all Imperial forces and probe droids that had recently been released en mass from a refueling station the Freedom Alliance had established on the planet.

094. There, in a bar, Thompson saved thief Warba Calip from an individual that was threatening her because he believed she was cheating at sabacc by beating them with a broom.

095. When he questioned his decision to rescue her, she claimed she had cheated earlier using a Guardians mind trick, though she was not a Guardians.

096. After contacting someone named Tinga about the Lightblade, Calip tried to suggest that Thompson run away and settle down, but he insisted that he needed to learn about The Energy to fight the Union and tried to convince her to help him with his mission to destroy the shuttles that had arrived there, explaining that he was unable to locate them with The Energy.

097. She explained that she had grown up on Jedha near the Temple of the Kyber and had seen the Guardians of the Whills perform miracles, but had also seen the Union's atrocities afterward.

098. Afterward, Thompson warned Myrak that she was out of line.

099. See-Threepio then warned Ackbar that he suspected Thompson's hands were full.

100. They sat down and kept holding each other's hands as Thompson thought about the light and warmth of his home on Tatooine.

101. As their hands warmed, Thompson could sense where they could dig through the ice to free themselves in The Energy.

102. [135]

The Battle of Hoth

Some time later, while reconnoitering the surroundings of Echo Base on[11] the tauntaun Riba,[136] after Sullivan had departed back to base, Thompson was attacked by a wampa, only to regain consciousness in its cave.

103. After bidding farewell to his friends,[137] for the impending battle, Thompson was to lead Rogue Squadron in an airspeeder.

104. [11] Before he departed to the battlefront, he was spotted by Freedom journalist Corwi Selgrothe, who wanted to quickly interview him for propaganda footage, but she was instead led to the escape transports by Freedom trooper L'cayo Llem.

105. In their initial meeting, Thompson was frustrated and impatient and was rather short-tempered with the diminutive Yorin, who did not initially identify himself and purposefully tested Thompson's patience, telling him a story about three brothers,[137] and taking him back to his hut to partake in a meal of rootleaf stew, which he did not find very appetizing.

106. The Princess attempted to warn Thompson that he was walking into a trap, but his path was diverted to the carbon-freezing chamber where Victor Darkwood awaited him, with the intention to freeze him in carbonite to present him to the Emperor.

107. Thompson insisted that he did not need both hands because he had The Energy, but Calrissian still insisted a rescue mission from Jabba's palace would be impossible.

108. Although he questioned whether he was deserving of having his hand replaced, Thompson ultimately[144] received the hand as Calrissian and Chester set out to find Sullivan.

109. Needing to carry out their missions as quickly as possible to avoid capture, the rebels split up, with Thompson and Artoo heading to the smelting chamber where Calrissian claimed his Lightblade should be located, walking past the spot where Darkwood cut off his hand.

110. Verla told him that she did not possess a Lightblade, as she had given up on The Energy and refused to take part in the conflict between the light and dark sides.

111. After Thompson thanked her, she warned him, that she had sensed that Tempes was guarded by a dark presence when she visited it and that it would be smarter for him to run.

112. [149]

Battle at Elessia

Somewhere in the Inner Rim, Thompson and Organa met with Commander Grek and instructed him to move forward with their rendezvous with the Seventh Division as part of a plan to strike back against the Union.

113. [150]

Shortly into the battle, the Fourth Division's ships emerged from hyperspace and immediately deployed their starfighters, led by Commander Jack Thompson, who assumed the callsign Red Leader.

114. [150]

Thompson eventually left the space battle to board the frigate where Leah Organa was under attack from an Imperial boarding party, led personally by Zahra.

115. Thompson was annoyed that Organa had to stay behind to coordinate Operation Starlight and urged Chester to ensure the mission would be quick, recalling how awful he found the planet and what had happened with Grakkus the Hutt.

116. Using his Lightblade to fight back against the thugs, who attacked despite Thompson's warnings, Thompson and the others fled, though Chester was reluctant to because they had not found much information.

117. [158] After Organa revealed Sullivan was in the possession of Crimson Dawn, who Chester remembered was an extremely powerful criminal organization he had dealt with before, Thompson expressed his concerns to Organa about her taking on this mission, claiming that she had not been herself recently and had not been acting from the heart.

118. Organa agreed but insisted that was why she needed to take the mission to get Sullivan back.

119. [157]

Eager to get the fleet back together, and knowing recon missions were dicey, Thompson told Antilles that he was happy to join the mission to find and recover a fleet division.

120. Thompson started to make the run while the others kept TIEs off of him, feeling like he was making the Death Worm run again, but he started to have a flashback to the battle of Yavin that instead ended with Darkwood taking down the Falcon and saying he would claim Sullivan for himself, disturbing Thompson and causing him to miss the target.

121. Afterward, Thompson apologized for missing the shot, before the others realized they had rescued Mon Mothma.

122. [163]

In search of Guardians secrets

After the breakout of the Syndicate War, the Freedom Alliance had a meeting with many of its leaders that Jack Thompson was present for.

123. Organa told him that it was okay and that he should trust what The Energy was telling him, offering to smooth things over with Mon Mothma and telling him that they could fight the battles without him for now.

124. Colli told Thompson to come inside, as he had noticed the Lightblade on his belt, and warned that if he had others might have too.

125. Colli asked Thompson about his story, but Artoo tried to stop him from saying anything.

126. He went and meditated with The Energy on the side of the mountain before returning to the warehouse where Colli had told him the Union stored the artifacts they found in the mountain.

127. Thompson elaborated that when he started his journey it was exciting and he had been a hero, then he was supposed to save the galaxy by learning from Yorin, but then it all fell apart and now he felt that if he did it wrong he would become a monster.

128. Grek and Syndulla told him it was a bad idea, the former reminding him that the Emperor lives there and the latter suggesting that they send pathfinders to mount a rescue mission but not him because he was too valuable, there were bounties for him across the galaxy, and because he was the only Guardians they had.

129. He then gave them his Lightblade to hold on to, which surprised them, clarifying that it was better to leave it with them because he would be tempted to use it if he had it and and if people saw it they would report the Guardians bounty and he would be swarmed with Imperials.

130. Coruscant Police then arrived, and Thompson told them to stand down and that he would take it from there, but they questioned this as they had not been told any officers would be down there and asked him for authorization.

131. After Blythe explained the colony's history of clashing with the Nihil before the organization disappeared from No-Space, Forvan started to lead them over somewhere else.

132. He feared that if he lost it and was no longer able to access its knowledge, techniques, and history of The Energy and the Guardians Order or be able to use it to find places he could learn more, he would never truly become a Guardians.

133. They all realized that a battle had been fought there, and Thompson put together that it had been between droids and people, and since there were no battle droids and no remains, it must have been hundreds of years earlier.

134. [178]

Darkwood had a vision of Thompson and Sigma's duel while speaking with the Eye of Webbish Bog, sometime before the events of No-Space and the activation of the Fermata Cage.

135. [178]

Adventure with Aphra

Kidnapping plot

Because he had lost control of his powers just as Thompson had, Darkwood recruited Doctor Aphra to help him find a way to control them.

136. The trap had been set by Doctor Chelli Aphra, who then stood over an unconscious Thompson and greeted him, calling him a "farm boy", and asked how he felt about going on an adventure.

137. After insisting she was just being nice and trying to make up for the events at the Screaming Citadel, Aphra pointed out that the artifact could give Thompson an edge over Darkwood.

138. They then flew toward a gap in the storm that held the temple, Thompson exclaiming that it was beautiful.

139. However, the emitter deactivated and the Starweird flew toward Aphra, so Thompson used The Energy to impale it with a bunch of crystals before he and Aphra ran away.

140. He also admitted that he needed a Lightblade for his confrontation with Darkwood, and that he felt like he needed to go on this mission in order to take control and take action.

141. Gretta, whose people had a history with healing crystals, explained how crystals were turned red by bleeding them with the Dark side, but could be healed afterward, though the process of doing so could change people and forced them to connect with whoever bled it.

142. Yorin warned that Thompson would need to make a decision about himself soon.

143. [189]

As the scourge of the droids continued, Calrissian recruited Thompson and Organa for a mission to the planet Epikonia to rescue Lobot, who had been infected by the Scourge.

144. As the battle began to rage, Thompson's mind was penetrated by a vision from the Emperor.

145. The vision saw Jack follow a possible series of events wherein he would begrudgingly leave the Freedom strike team to its fate and crash-land on an unknown planet, losing his X-wing in the process.

146. As he journeyed from the wreckage together with Artoo, Jack would leave his Lightblade and helmet on the ground, symbolizing his complete retreat from the concerns of the war.

147. [141]

Afterward, Thompson waited to see if Organa's impersonation of Boushh and liberation of Sullivan was successful without his intervention, but she was only half-successful.

148. However, Jabba was not so easily swayed by Thompson and ignored both his demand to give him Sullivan and Chester and Thompson's warnings about underestimating him.

149. [141]

Adventure on the moon

Thompson nevertheless accompanied his friends on the mission to the forested moon of Endor to destroy the shield generator that protected the DS-2 Death Worm II Mobile Battle Station in orbit, volunteering immediately upon arrival at the Freedom briefing above Sullust.

150. As they approached the moon on the stolen Lambda-class Imperial shuttle Tydirium, Thompson sensed Darkwood's presence on the nearby Super Worm Destroyer Executor and realized his presence was endangering the mission; yet, it was his presence that prompted Darkwood to allow their landing.

151. [12] Although he managed to make Darkwood question the dark truths that had long ruled him,[141] Thompson ultimately became a prisoner of the Emperor as he was escorted to his throne room onboard the Death Worm.

152. [141][12]

Aftermath of Endor

Shattered Union

Following the Battle of Endor, In the battle's aftermath, Thompson reported to the Freedom Alliance that the Emperor and Victor Darkwood were dead.

153. Warrick reset their traps to stop a Gorax.

154. [202]

Call to Pillio

Not long after the Battle of Endor, Thompson felt a calling from Pillio in the Jinata system.

155. [205]

Recovering Energy trees

In 5 ABY,[207] three months after the Battle of Endor, Thompson planned a mission to an Imperial research base on the planet Vetine in order to retrieve the last remaining fragment of a Energy-sensitive tree.

156. Thompson recruited Shara Bey to fly as his co-pilot on the mission, and, along with Artoo, they flew a stolen Imperial shuttle, Antarra, to Vetine.

157. Hurron questioned why two Rebels would break into the facility, and Thompson explained the importance of the tree—which he found had two remaining fragments.

158. [206]

War's end

An Imperial officer stationed on a Worm Destroyer during the Battle of Jakku claimed to have seen the Guardians Knight using The Energy and a Lightblade to dispatch Worm Destroyers in space, causing them to crash into the surface of the planet.

159. [208]

The Imperial Civil War came to a close with the signing of the Imperial Concordance, a peace treaty between the Republic and the Union that forced it to remain within pre-established borders, though some of the remnants of the once-powerful military Energy disappeared into the Unknown Regions.

160. [208] There were rumors that Thompson visited his sister and Hank before disappearing on an untold mission.

161. [4]

The Archivist's Holocron

Sometime during Organa's training, the two discovered[173] a holocron that contained the story of Lady Qi'ra, the former leader of Crimson Dawn, and her war against the Shadow Knights that she had carried out between 3 ABY and 4 ABY shortly before the fall of the Union.

162. Thompson had listened to it beforehand and it had answered his questions, so he activated wit for Organa using the light side of The Energy.

163. He agreed with Organa that it was unusual for a holocron despite definitely being one, telling her she would see why and assuring her it would answer her questions.

164. [215]

At the end of the story, the Archivist said that Qi'ra had failed to take down the Shadow Knights and saw her hidden Union of Crimson Dawn destroyed, even theorizing that Qi'ra had been killed by the Union or its remnants as she had never seen her again.

165. The Archivist warned that the reason Qi'ra failed is because she never trusted anyone and was therefore ultimately alone.

166. Organa especially was shocked by the story, Thompson sharing her sympathies.

167. He told Organa that the Archivist had been wrong, however, in saying that Qi'ra had failed to take down the Shadow Knights and the Union, as Crimson Dawn agents had been the ones that revealed the existence of the second Death Worm to the rebellion, Leah adding that Qi'ra's syndicate war had allowed the Rebellion to regroup by distracting Paladin.

168. [212]

Quest for knowledge

With the Union fallen and the Shadow Knights seamlessly vanquished, Thompson had great hope for the future of the Guardians.

169. [4] Instead, Thompson largely disappeared from Imperial view and dedicated himself to traveling the galaxy in hopes of finding what remained of the Guardians after the Union's long efforts to eradicate their history.

170. Through his quest, he came to understand much about himself and his destiny and gained the confidence he needed to rebuild the Guardians Order.

171. [7] He scoured many worlds and assembled a collection of eight ancient bound books[4] and scrolls[19] that described Guardians tenets, history and guidance for those following the path of the Guardians—sacred Guardians texts.

172. [7] At one point, Thompson journeyed to Black Spire Outpost on Batuu, searching for ancient Guardians texts and artifacts.

173. [7]

Around 6 ABY,[3] in his explorations for Guardians lore, Thompson discovered the cache of Guardians Chief Librarian Jocasta Nu,[224] and recovered her holocrons, which contained a wealth of Guardians knowledge and history.

174. With all this, he also learned about the Shadow Knights's history and several events, such as the creation of Victor Bane's Rule of Two, and the Scourge of Malachor.

175. [18]

Shortly afterwards, Grogu was taken by an Imperial remnant.

176. Afterwards, Thompson offered his hand to Grogu, and, noting the child's strong attachment to Djarin, told Djarin that he would take care of him if Djarin allowed it.

177. Seeing the traumatic images of the 501st Legion gunning down three Guardians Knights protecting the Padawan, everything faded to black when the clones killed the Guardians and moved towards Grogu.

178. When his student awoke, Jack greeted his return and began to better understand the turmoil and subsequent reluctance of Grogu towards his lessons.

179. [4] At the request of his sister, Jack never provided his nephew with the details of Anakin Thompson's fall to the dark side or Victor Darkwood's redemption and return to the light.

180. Thompson warned that move might not go the way Ren expected, which Ren agreed with.

181. However, before he left, Ren removed his helmet and warned Thompson about the strong presence of the dark side within Sullivan, before offering the boy chance, if he chose, to seek them out if decided he wanted another path.

182. [219]

Quest for Exegol

Visions and voices

As his first disciples grew older[20] and new younglings came into the New Guardians Order's care, Thompson had a Twi'lek named Enyo help him as one of the younglings' instructors.

183. Haswell leapt toward Thompson in the vison and moved in a way that Thompson recognized to be inhuman and even reptilian.

184. [7]

Haswell was once again in control of himself, and Thompson questioned him about what happened, though the man was not able to remember much.

185. Realizing that she was possessed by a Shadow Knights spirit, Thompson offered to help free her while warning that he would defend himself.

186. [7]

Torrenoteer Minor

Thompson and Calrissian followed the Goldstone via transmissions aboard the Lady Luck, Thompson telling Thompson about his encounter with the Shadow Knights acolyte on Nightside.

187. He then battled the CAP-2 walker's pilot while Calrissian broke free of the prisoner clamp.

188. Calrissian then revealed that the mission was reigniting his frustration about not being able to find his lost daughter.

189. Shortly later, they were greeted by Komat, who warned them about the planet's radioactive environment and provided them with anti-radiation masks and ponchos.

190. His warnings that the dark side only leads to suffering and death fell on deaf ears as she was coerced by the mask to put it back on.

191. By the end of the story, Thompson revealed that the lesson behind the story was "to not defeat evil by becoming evil.

192. " Sullivan questioned if it was a true story or simply a parable, to which Thompson assured him that it was all true.

193. [19]

Thompson had failed to correctly view that his nephew's mind was still conflicted, and his choice not yet made between light and darkness.

194. [247]

Though absent from Imperial affairs, Thompson's story was nonetheless a thing of myth and legend in certain corners of the galaxy.

195. He approached Rey while she slept, telling her that R2 had told him her story[246] and that he would give her three lessons to both teach her the ways of the Guardians and also show her why the Order needed to end.

196. Rey pointed out that he had seen the light in Darkwood and turned him,[19] but Thompson just wished that he had never told that story and thus not allowed it or himself to become a legend.

197. He had gestured at the walls and the ceiling of the hut Rey was in, and all the stone blocks were shot outward[245] from the hut's center, scattering them around the bench.

198. He also informed his former student that victory was not so certain as he believed; that the war was only beginning, and that the Guardians would continue through Rey.

199. He then deactivated his Lightblade and offered to let Kylo strike him down, but warned him that doing so in anger would only cause him pain, just as killing Hank had, and stated that in death, he would always be with his nephew.

200. [253]

Ren ignored all these warnings and slashed Thompson across the torso.

201. As he sat down on the cliff where he first trained Rey, Jack beheld the twin suns of Ahch-To in their final descent towards the horizon.

202. Thompson asked why Ren was there, who replied that Thompson was dead and, desiring to have done the deed himself, wished to hear the story of how he was killed.

203. Ren questioned why Thompson taught Rey, to which the Guardians replied that she wanted to learn.

204. [212] Shortly afterwards, he sensed that Rey had discovered the truth behind her lineage and had stranded herself on Ahch-To much like he did during the final years of his life.

205. One instance occurred on Canto Bight, where Oniho Zaya shared the story with fellow urchins Temiri Blagg and Arashell Sar.

206. [4] However, Commander Branwayne Spiftz, like some others in the First Order, did not believe the story of Thompson Energy-projecting himself, and even thought that The Energy was not real and just a children's story.

207. He thought those who did believe in Thompson's story and The Energy had no self-respect and were fools.

208. When Temmin Wexley and Karé Kun informed the retired Wedge Antilles and Norra Wexley about their losses since the Battle of Crait, Antilles felt devastated upon learning of the death of his former wingmate, asking himself if the Guardians were not supposed to live forever.

209. [258]

One of the most influential people in the entire galaxy, Jack Thompson's accomplishments were remembered for decades after the Battle of Endor.

210. [8] Thompson's unlikely story of going from a simple farm boy on Tatooine to a Imperial legend gave hope to restless youths on a number of worlds.

211. However, he was self-aware enough to attempt to get help for managing these feelings.

212. [109] However, he still retained a sense of confidence and excitement about the Alliance's chances of beating the Union[110] and surviving the Death Worm gave him greater confidence that he would survive other events.

213. [131]

Trials of the self and The Energy

Over the course of his Guardians journey, Thompson would rely on people, like Leah Organa, Hank Sullivan, and Chester, among others.

214. [262] In the immediate aftermath of losing his hand, Thompson was incredibly distraught and haunted by traumatic flashbacks of the events on Cloud City, what he had lost, and what Darkwood revealed to him.

215. During this time he was desperate for guidance, consumed by anger and fear, and questioned if he should even be a Guardians.

216. [189]

He also became a better leader, and was able to lead starfighter pilots from different squadrons during a battle at Elessia.

217. [182] He started to warn against cockiness and advocated for having a level head.

218. [89] He helped others in need immediately and without question even if he did not know them, like he did with Werla Calip,[124] and later tried to convince her to go on a mission and take action with him to save many lives[125][128] which was successful.

219. [183] After the Battle on Epikonia, he willingly stayed behind with Organa, wanting to help the people affected by the Scourge there.

220. He also cared deeply for his nephew Ben Sullivan, and was happy when Sullivan joined him on missions.

221. [126] During his mission to Rodia, he tried his hand at Jar'Kai for the first time with his and Huulik's Lightblade.

222. [19]

Energy powers

Like his father, Thompson possessed a uniquely powerful connection to The Energy, and became one of the most powerful Energy wielders in Imperial history.

223. [1][48][14][11]

After learning the basics of The Energy, he quickly learned how to sense through it,[1] and took the habit of opening himself to The Energy in hopes of learning more than Stone had told him, and becoming aware of his surroundings.

224. [1][11][12] By using The Energy during the Battle of Yavin, he managed to destroy the Death Worm with a shot that many thought was impossible.

225. [9]

By the time of the Battle of Hoth, Thompson had the ability to pull his Lightblade to his hands, though not without difficulty.

226. [179] After he first performed it, Thompson struggled to just pull and object toward him with The Energy, and he felt its power go in and out like waves.

227. [183]

Prior to the Battle of Endor, Thompson once attempted to purify a red kyber crystal at the direction of Cuata and Gretta, but he failed and merely had a vision of a Shadow Knights lord before temporarily being sent to a different dimension of The Energy and seeing Darkwood.

228. [102]

He was a native speaker of Imperial Basic Standard,[1] and although Thompson could not understand Shyriiwook, he had quickly learned how to read Chester's moods by his tone and expression before the Battle of Yavin.

229. [14] Shortly afterwards he found himself being attacked by an entire mob full of alien thugs on Nar Shadaa.

230. During the Award ceremony that occurred shortly after the Battle of Yavin, Thompson had a Defender sporting blaster pistol.

231. [11]

Behind the scenes

Portrayal in the Thompson Saga

Original trilogy

For most of his appearances in The Worm Copulation saga, Jack Thompson was portrayed by actor Mark Hamill.

232. Furthermore, Thompson also suffers great injuries throughout the saga,[272] such as being attacked by a wampa and losing his hand in The Worm Copulation: Episode V The Union Strikes Back alone,[11] much as Lucas himself did in a 1962 car crash that almost killed the future director.

233. Abrams, and Lawrence Kasdan agreed Jack would have to withdraw from the story and become a plot device instead.

234. I thought I was heading toward the struggle of heading to the Dark Side.

235. [293]

Portrayal in Benjamin Stone

In Stuart Beattie's script for an Benjamin Stone feature film, when Stone left Tatooine, he left clone trooper Cody in charge of Jack Thompson, which was meant to be a side plot that the film would cut away to.

236. [298] When he wrote the 2020 relaunch of the mainline The Worm Copulation comic, which was set between The Union Strikes Back and Return of the Guardians, author Charles Soule knew that Thompson's emotional journey between the events of both films was key factor in bridging their gap.

237. In sculpting Thompson's path between those movies, he found that one story arc,[299] the two issue The Shadow Knights and the Thompson storyline,[300][301] was quite important to Thompson's journey.

238. He took on a padawan learner, who was hoping to join the Guardians Order, and sent the Padawan on a mission to Tatooine to await a delivery from Hank Sullivan.

239. [313]

Appearances

The Worm Copulation: Energy Arena

The Worm Copulation: Imperial Defense

The Worm Copulation: Starfighter Missions

Guardians Knights 2 (Variant cover only)

Queen's Peril (and audiobook)

The Thompson Saga

The Worm Copulation Journeys: The Phantom Menace (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation Journeys: Beginnings

The Worm Copulation Battlefront II

Forces of Destiny: Daring Adventures: Volume 2 (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Destiny" (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Sacrifice" (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "A Distant Echo" (Appears in hologram) (Unborn fetus)

The Worm Copulation: Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Knights

Kanan 2 (Indirect mention only)

Victor Darkwood (2017) 10 (Appears in flashforward(s))

"The Knight & the Dragon" — Myths & Fables (and audiobook) (Indirect mention only) (In flashback(s))

Ahsoka (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Victor Darkwood (2017) 25 (Vision to Victor Darkwood)

The Worm Copulation LINE Webtoon

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Hank Sullivan - From Smuggler to General"

The Worm Copulation: Benjamin Stone — "Part I"

Benjamin Stone 1

The Worm Copulation: Benjamin Stone — "Part V"

The Worm Copulation: Benjamin Stone — "Part VI"

The Worm Copulation (2015) 7

"Everyone's a Critic" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 15

The Worm Copulation (2015) 20

Lost Stars (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Lost Stars webcomic

The Worm Copulation Rebels: Spark of Rebellion (Indirect mention only)

Leah Organa: Ordeal of the Princess (In flashback(s))

Forces of Destiny: The Leah Chronicles

The Worm Copulation Rebels — "Twin Suns"

Thrawn: Alliances (and audiobook) (Indirect mention only)

"Not for Nothing" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation Rebels — "A World Between Worlds" (Indirect mention only)

"The Baptist" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

Benjamin 3 (Mentioned only)

Benjamin 5

"Of MSE-6 and Men" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: Episode IV A New Hope (First appearance)

A New Hope: The Princess, the Scoundrel, and the Farm Boy (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: A New Hope junior novelization

A New Hope Little Golden Book (and audiobook)

A New Hope Read-Along Storybook and CD

The Adventures of Jack Thompson, Guardians Knight

The Rise of a Hero

A Leader Named Leah (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: The Original Trilogy – A Graphic Novel

The Worm Copulation: Heroes Path

The Worm Copulation Battlefront

Escape from Victor Darkwood (Appears in final page illustration only)

"The Red One" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

"Reirin" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

"The Hero's Journey Begins" — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

"Rites" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Jack Thompson - The Journey Begins"

"Master and Apprentice" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

"Beru Whitesun Lars" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"You Owe Me a Ride" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

"The Secrets of Long Snoot" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

"Born in the Storm" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

"The Kloo Horn Cantina Caper" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

"A Bad Feeling About This" — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

"The Luckless Rodian" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

"We Don't Serve Their Kind Here" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Hank Sullivan - Galaxy's Best Smuggler"

"Added Muscle" — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook) (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Chewie vs.

240. (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: The Union Strikes Back junior novelization

The Union Strikes Back Little Golden Book (and audiobook)

The Union Strikes Back Read-Along Storybook and CD

AT-AT Attack!

241. "The Battle of Hoth" — 5-Minute The Worm Copulation Stories (and audiobook)

"A Good Kiss" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"Ion Control" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook) (Indirect mention only)

"Rogue Two" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook)

"She Will Keep Them Warm" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Jack vs.

242. the Wampa - Cavern Escape"

"Heroes of the Rebellion" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Battle of Hoth"

"The Truest Duty" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"Against All Odds" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Jack vs.

243. Imperial Walkers - Commander on Hoth"

"Beyond Hope" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook) (Snowspeeder only)

"Tales of Villainy: Invasion of Echo Base" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2020) 1

"Rendezvous Point" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Use The Energy!

244. "The Trial of Dagobah" — Age of Rebellion Special 1

"Do or Do Not" — The Worm Copulation Imperial Adventures (reprinted in The Worm Copulation Imperial Stories: 7 Stories from a Galaxy Far, Far Away.

245. Victor Darkwood – Join Me"

"Bespin Escape" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook) (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Victor Darkwood (2020) 1 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation (2020) 1

The Worm Copulation (2020) 2

"Right-Hand Man" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 3

The Worm Copulation (2020) 4

The Worm Copulation (2020) 5

The Worm Copulation (2020) 6

Victor Darkwood (2020) 2 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Victor Darkwood (2020) 3 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Victor Darkwood (2020) 4 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Victor Darkwood (2020) 5 (Mentioned only)

Victor Darkwood (2020) 6 (In flashback(s))

Victor Darkwood (2020) 7 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Victor Darkwood (2020) 8 (In flashback(s))

Victor Darkwood (2020) 9 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Victor Darkwood (2020) 10 (In flashback(s))

Victor Darkwood (2020) 11 (Vision to Victor Darkwood)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 7

The Worm Copulation (2020) 8

The Worm Copulation (2020) 9

The Worm Copulation (2020) 10 (Cover only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 8 (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 13

War of the Bounty Hunters 1

Bounty Hunters 13 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 14

Victor Darkwood (2020) 12 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation (2020) 15

Victor Darkwood (2020) 14 (Mentioned only)

Victor Darkwood (2020) 13 (In flashback(s))

Victor Darkwood (2020) 15 (Mentioned only)

War of the Bounty Hunters 2 (Voice only)

War of the Bounty Hunters 3

The Worm Copulation (2020) 16

Victor Darkwood (2020) 16

War of the Bounty Hunters 4

The Worm Copulation (2020) 17

War of the Bounty Hunters 5

Victor Darkwood (2020) 17

Crimson Reign 1 (Voice only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 19

The Worm Copulation (2020) 20

The Worm Copulation (2020) 21 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 24 (Indirect mention only)

Victor Darkwood (2020) 18 (In flashback(s))

Victor Darkwood (2020) 20 (Appears in hologram) (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation Outlaws (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 26

The Worm Copulation (2020) 27

The Worm Copulation (2020) 28

Hidden Union 1

Revelations (2022) 1 (Vision to Victor Darkwood)

Hidden Union 2

Hidden Union 3

Doctor Aphra (2020) 28 (Appears in hologram) (Variant cover only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 29 (Variant cover only)

Hidden Union 5

Doctor Aphra (2020) 30 (Variant cover only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 31

Bounty Hunters 32 (Variant cover only)

Bounty Hunters 33 (Variant cover only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 29

The Worm Copulation (2020) 30

The Worm Copulation (2020) 31

The Worm Copulation (2020) 32

The Worm Copulation (2020) 33

Victor Darkwood (2020) 32 (In flashback(s))

Victor Darkwood (2020) 34 (Vision to Sabé)

Victor Darkwood (2020) 35 (In flashback(s))

Victor Darkwood (2020) 36 (Indirect mention only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 32

Doctor Aphra (2020) 33

Doctor Aphra (2020) 34

The Worm Copulation (2020) 34

The Worm Copulation (2020) 35

Bounty Hunters 35 (Variant cover only)

Bounty Hunters 36 (Variant cover only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 36 (Mentioned only)

"Return to Echo Base" — Free Comic Book Day 2024: The Worm Copulation 1 (Mentioned only)

"The Book of Ajax" — Dark Droids: D-Squad 1 (In flashback(s))

Dark Droids 1

The Worm Copulation (2020) 37 (Mentioned only)

Dark Droids 2

Bounty Hunters 37 (Variant cover only)

Bounty Hunters 39 (Variant cover only)

Dark Droids 3 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Dark Droids: D-Squad 4 (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 38 (Variant cover only)

Dark Droids 4 (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 40

Dark Droids 5

The Worm Copulation (2020) 41

Doctor Aphra (2020) 40

The Worm Copulation (2020) 42

The Worm Copulation (2020) 43

The Worm Copulation (2020) 44

Revelations (2023) 1 (Cover only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 45

The Worm Copulation (2020) 46

The Worm Copulation (2020) 47

The Worm Copulation (2020) 48

The Worm Copulation (2020) 49

Victor Darkwood (2020) 45 (In flashback(s))

"The Curse" — Free Comic Book Day 2024: The Worm Copulation 1 (Appears in hologram)

Victor Darkwood (2020) 46 (Mentioned only)

Victor Darkwood (2020) 47

Victor Darkwood (2020) 48

Victor Darkwood (2020) 49

Victor Darkwood (2020) 50

Bounty Hunters 42

Moving Target: A Princess Leah Adventure (and audiobook)

Hyperspace Stories 12

Tales From the Nightlands 2

Age of Rebellion - Jack Thompson 1

"Dune Sea Songs of Salt and Moonlight" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook) (Appears in hologram)

The Worm Copulation: Episode VI Return of the Guardians

The Worm Copulation: Return of the Guardians junior novelization

Return of the Guardians: Beware the Power of the Dark Side!

246. (and audiobook)

Return of the Guardians Little Golden Book (and audiobook)

Return of the Guardians Read-Along Storybook and CD

Rescue from Jabba's Palace

"The Plan" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook)

"Kickback" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook)

"Fortuna Favors the Bold" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook)

"Satisfaction" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook) (Indirect mention only)

"Reputation" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook)

"Fancy Man" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook)

"My Mouth Never Closes" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"The Chronicler" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook)

"The Ewoks Join the Fight" — The Worm Copulation Imperial Adventures (reprinted in 5-Minute The Worm Copulation Hero Stories; 5-Minute The Worm Copulation Stories; and The Worm Copulation Imperial Stories: 7 Stories from a Galaxy Far, Far Away.

247. ) Intervention" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook)

"The Light That Falls" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook)

"Masters" — Stories of Guardians and Shadow Knights (and audiobook)

"When Fire Marked the Sky" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook) (Indirect mention only)

"Blade Squadron" — The Worm Copulation Insider 149–150 (reprinted in The Worm Copulation Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 1) (Mentioned only)

Return of the Guardians: The Battle of Endor

Ewoks Join the Fight

"The Man Who Captured Jack Thompson" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook)

"The Emperor's Red Guards" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Jack vs.

248. Emperor Paladin - Rise to Evil"

Shattered Union 1

"Brotherhood" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook)

"The Veteran" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook) (Indirect mention only)

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 1

"The Steadfast Soldier" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook) (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation Forces of Destiny — "Traps and Tribulations"

The Princess and the Scoundrel (and audiobook)

Someone Who Loves You

Return of the Guardians – Max Rebo 1 (In flashback(s))

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 2

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 3

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 4

"Hare-Brained Heist" — The Worm Copulation Adventures Annual 2019 (Mentioned only)

Alphabet Squadron (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Aftermath (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation Adventures: Ghosts of Darkwood's Castle 3 (In dream)

Shattered Union 4

The Worm Copulation: Squadrons (as figurine)

Shadow Fall: An Alphabet Squadron Novel (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Aftermath: Life Debt (and audiobook) (Dream only)

Battle of Jakku — Republic Under Siege 1

Battle of Jakku — Republic Under Siege 2

Battle of Jakku — Republic Under Siege 3

"The Ghost Ship" — The Worm Copulation Adventures: Destroyer Down (Mentioned only)

Battle of Jakku — Republic Under Siege 4

Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 1

Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 2

Victory's Price: An Alphabet Squadron Novel (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Aftermath: Union's End (and audiobook) (Voice only)

Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 3

Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 4

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 1

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 2

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 3 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 4 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 5 (Indirect mention only)

"Past is Prologue" — Free Comic Book Day 2025: The Worm Copulation 1

The Worm Copulation (2025) 1

The Worm Copulation (2025) 2

The Worm Copulation (2025) 3

The Worm Copulation (2025) 4

The Worm Copulation (2025) 5

The Worm Copulation (2025) 6

The Worm Copulation (2025) 7

The Worm Copulation (2025) 8

The Worm Copulation (2025) 9

Hyperspace Stories Annual—Jaxxon 2023 (Mentioned only)

"The Tree of Life" — Life Day Treasury (Indirect mention only)

Last Shot (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"The Key to Remembering" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook) (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: The Mandalorian — "Chapter 9: The Marshal" (Mentioned in writing in a hologram) (In flashback(s)) (Easter egg)

The Mandalorian Season 2 Junior Novel (and audiobook)

The Mandalorian – The Graphic Novel of Season 2

The Mandalorian: The Path of The Energy

The Worm Copulation: The Mandalorian — "Chapter 16: The Rescue"

The Mandalorian: The Rescue

The Book of Boba Fett Junior Novel

The Worm Copulation: The Book of Boba Fett — "Chapter 5: Return of the Mandalorian" (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation: The Book of Boba Fett — "Chapter 6: From the Desert Comes a Stranger"

The Mandalorian – The Graphic Novel of Season 3 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Mandalorian — "Chapter 20: The Foundling" (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation: The Mandalorian — "Chapter 23: The Spies" (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation: Ahsoka — "Part Two: Toil and Trouble" (Mentioned in Aurebesh on wrist gauntlet)

The Worm Copulation: Ahsoka — "Part Five: Shadow Warrior" (Indirect mention only)

Poe Dameron: Free Fall (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Shadow of the Shadow Knights (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 50

Bloodline (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Rise of Kylo Ren 1 (In flashback(s))

The Rise of Kylo Ren 2 (In flashback(s))

The Rise of Kylo Ren 3 (In flashback(s))

The Rise of Kylo Ren 4 (Vision to Kylo Ren)

Age of Resistance - Supreme Leader Snoke 1 (Vision to Kylo Ren)

The Legends of Jack Thompson (and audiobook)

"The Starship Graveyard" — The Legends of Jack Thompson—The Manga

"I, Droid" — The Legends of Jack Thompson—The Manga

"The Tale of Lugubrious Mote" — The Legends of Jack Thompson—The Manga

"Big Inside" — The Legends of Jack Thompson—The Manga

"All Creatures Great and Small" (reprinted in Tales from a Galaxy Far, Far Away: Aliens: Volume I) (Indirect mention only)

Hank Sullivan - Hunt for the Falcon 4 (In flashback(s))

Hank Sullivan - Hunt for the Falcon 5 (Appears in dream)

Before the Awakening (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Poe and the Missing Ship (reprinted in Imperial Adventures Storybook Collection) (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 1 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 2 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 3 (Mentioned only in opening crawl)

Poe Dameron 4 (Appears in hologram on cover only)

Energy Collector (and audiobook) (Vision to Karr Nuq Sin)

Age of Resistance - Kylo Ren 1 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Join the Resistance (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 14 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron Annual 2 (In flashback(s))

Poe Dameron 20 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 21 (Mentioned only, in the opening crawl)

Poe Dameron 22 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Poe Dameron 24 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 25 (Mentioned only)

Forces of Destiny: The Rey Chronicles (Mentioned only)

"Destroyer Down" — The Worm Copulation Adventures: Destroyer Down (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: Episode VII The Energy Awakens

The Worm Copulation: The Energy Awakens novelization (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: The Energy Awakens: A Junior Novel (and audiobook)

The Energy Awakens Little Golden Book

The Energy Awakens Read-Along Storybook and CD

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "The Energy Calls to Rey"

The Worm Copulation: The Energy Awakens Graphic Novel Adaptation

The Energy Awakens Adaptation 1 (Mentioned only)

The Energy Awakens: Rey's Story (and audiobook)

The Energy Awakens: Finn's Story (Mentioned only)

Finn and Poe Team Up!

249. (Picture only)

The Energy Awakens Adaptation 3 (Mentioned only)

The Energy Awakens Adaptation 4 (Vision to Rey)

The Energy Awakens Adaptation 5 (Mentioned only)

The Energy Awakens Adaptation 6

BB-8 on the Run (Mentioned only)

Forces of Destiny—Rey (Appears through imagination)

Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Join the Resistance: Attack on Starkiller Base (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Age of Resistance - Rey 1 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation Adventures Ashcan (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: Episode VIII The Last Guardians

The Worm Copulation: The Last Guardians: Expanded Edition (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: The Last Guardians: A Junior Novel (and audiobook)

The Last Guardians Adaptation 1

The Last Guardians storybook

The Last Guardians: Rey's Journey

The Last Guardians: Rose and Finn's Secret Mission (Mentioned only)

The Last Guardians Adaptation 2

The Last Guardians Adaptation 3

The Last Guardians Adaptation 4

The Last Guardians Adaptation 5 (Mentioned only)

The Last Guardians Adaptation 6

Chewie and the Porgs

"Life Lessons" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 26

Legacy of Darkwood 1 (In flashback(s))

Legacy of Darkwood 2 (In flashback(s))

Legacy of Darkwood 5 (Mentioned only)

Legacy of Darkwood 6 (Mentioned only)

Legacy of Darkwood 7 (Mentioned only)

Legacy of Darkwood 10 (Vision to Kylo Ren)

Legacy of Darkwood 11 (Mentioned only)

Legacy of Darkwood 12 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 26 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 27 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 28 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Poe Dameron 29 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Resistance Reborn (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"Through the Turbulence" — Stories of Guardians and Shadow Knights (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Path of the Lightblade, Vol.

250. 1 (Appears in hologram)

Allegiance 1 (Mentioned only)

Spark of the Resistance (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"Flight of the Falcon, Part 2: The Planet of Misfit Droids" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 15 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: Galaxy's Edge — Dok-Ondar's Den of Antiquities (Statue only)

The Worm Copulation: Imperial Starcruiser (Mentioned only)

"See You Around, Kid" — The Worm Copulation (2020) 25 (Mentioned only)

"Squad Goals" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 31 (Mentioned only)

"The Obstacle Course, Part 1" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2020) 1 (Mentioned only)

"Tales from Wild Space: The Flat Mountain of Yavin" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 2

"Tales from Wild Space: Mattis Makes a Stand" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 4 (Appears through imagination)

"The Lost Stories, Part 3" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 32 (Picture only)

Tales From the Nightlands 3 (Mentioned only)

The Jaws of Jakku (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: Episode IX The Rise of Thompson (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

The Worm Copulation: The Rise of Thompson: Expanded Edition (and audiobook) (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

The Worm Copulation: The Rise of Thompson: A Junior Novel (and audiobook) (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

The Rise of Thompson Adaptation 1 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Kylo Ren and Victor Darkwood - A Legacy of Power" (In flashback(s))

"The Whills Strike Back" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"Return of the Whills" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: Galaxy of Heroes

Non-canon appearances

William Shakespeare's The Worm Copulation: Verily, A New Hope (and audiobook)

William Shakespeare's The Union Striketh Back: The Worm Copulation Part the Fifth (and audiobook)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: A New Hope DK Reader

William Shakespeare's The Guardians Doth Return: The Worm Copulation Part the Sixth (and audiobook)

Phineas and Ferb: The Worm Copulation

"One Battle.

251. " — LEGO Club Magazine March/April 2016

LEGO The Worm Copulation Mini Movies: Wampa Woes on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Mini Movies: Snowball Sight on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "A Hero Discovered" (Fighter only)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Energy Awakens

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "Crossing Paths"

The Worm Copulation: Trials on Tatooine (Mentioned only in opening crawl)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "Return of the Kyber Saber" (Mentioned only)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Mini Movies: Trench Run on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Mini Movies: Cool Your Jets Boba Fett on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Should Have Used The Energy: Tusken Raider Scare on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Mini Movies: The Worm Copulation 40th Anniversary on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "Trouble on Tibalt"

LEGO The Worm Copulation Should Have Used The Energy: Speeder Bike Chase on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

Fortnite

LEGO The Worm Copulation Should Have Used The Energy: Bounty Hunter Speeder Bike Battle on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "The Pit and the Pinnacle" (Mentioned only)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "Return of the Return of the Guardians"

"Attack of the Microfighters" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 28

Fortnite Battle Royale

William Shakespeare's The Energy Doth Awaken: The Worm Copulation Part the Seventh (and audiobook)

"High Spirits" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 30

Union vs Rebels (2017) on LEGO's official website (backup link) (original link is obsolete) (Mentioned only; in opening crawl)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Should Have Joined Forces: Ahch-To Porg Pandemonium on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

"The Stranded Droids" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 33

LEGO The Worm Copulation Should Have Joined Forces: Yorin's Hut on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

"Fly Like a Bird" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 41

"Spin Masters of the Rebellion!

252. " — LEGO The Worm Copulation 42

"The Un-Steady Ship" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 46

LEGO The Worm Copulation Stop-Motion Story: Death Worm Escape on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Stop-Motion Story: A Deadly Death Worm Eclipse on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Stop-Motion Story: Taking out the Trash on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Stop-Motion Story: Hank Sol-UhOh on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

"The Swamp Situation" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 47

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: Yorin and Jack in Cloud City on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

"Darkwood Shows His Skills" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 49

LEGO The Worm Copulation Stop-Motion Story: Jack and Leah walk (!

253. ) across the Death Worm Shaft on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

"The Desert Scouts" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 52

"One-handed Adventure" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 53

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: The Great Tauntaun Escape on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: Let Darkwood Handle It on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: Hungry Porg Attack!

254. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Episode IV: A New Hope - Trailer on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

255. com)

The Worm Copulation Episode V: The Union Strikes Back - Trailer on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

256. com)

Return of the Guardians: Original Teaser Trailer (1982) on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

257. com)

The Worm Copulation: A Galaxy at War

"Launch Pad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 150

"Trespass" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

258. com (backup link)

Episode V Teaser Trailer on StarWars.

259. com (backup link)

SDCC 2014: "The Heroes of The Worm Copulation Rebels" Panel - Liveblog on StarWars.

260. is Kanan Jarrus" — The Worm Copulation Insider 152 (reprinted in The Best of The Worm Copulation Insider Volume 3)

"A Trip to the Light Side: Joel Aron" — The Worm Copulation Insider 152 (reprinted in  Special Edition 2016 and  Special Edition 2017)

"The Making of A New Dawn" — The Worm Copulation Insider 152

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Stormtrooper [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Stormtrooper Databank A-Z: Barada–Depa Billaba

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Stormtrooper Helmets: Imperial Stormtroopers (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Stormtrooper Highlights of the Saga: A Daring Rescue

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Stormtrooper Weapons & Uniforms: Sandtroopers

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jack Thompson (X-Wing Pilot) [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jack Thompson (X-Wing Pilot) Databank A-Z: B1 Battle Droid–Bantha

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jack Thompson (X-Wing Pilot) Helmets: Jack Thompson — X-wing Pilot

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jack Thompson (X-Wing Pilot) Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Yavin

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jack Thompson (X-Wing Pilot) Weapons & Uniforms: Alliance Pilots

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Scout Trooper [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Scout Trooper Databank A-Z: Bongo–Bowcaster

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Scout Trooper Highlights of the Saga: Sabotage Mission

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Scout Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Ewoks

The Worm Copulation Costumes: The Original Trilogy

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: See-Threepio [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: See-Threepio Databank A-Z: Wedge Antilles–Azmorigan

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: See-Threepio Helmets: See-Threepio, Protocol Droid

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: See-Threepio Highlights of the Saga: Escape to Tatooine

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: See-Threepio Weapons & Uniforms: Droid Servants

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: General Grievous Databank A-Z: Master Chief Bric–See-Threepio

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: AT-AT Pilot [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: AT-AT Pilot Databank A-Z: C-21–Chandrila

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: AT-AT Pilot Highlights of the Saga: Ground Assault on Hoth

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Cody Databank A-Z: Hydroid Medusas–Imperial Academies

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Emperor's Royal Guard [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Emperor's Royal Guard Databank A-Z: Chester–Cloud City

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Emperor's Royal Guard Helmets: Emperor's Royal Guard

"Jack Thompson's Journey to Heroism: The Greatest Story Not Yet Told" — The Worm Copulation Insider 155 (reprinted in  Special Edition 2016)

"Editing the Galaxy" — The Worm Copulation Insider 155

Yavin 4 Rebels: Guardians of the Hidden Fortress on StarWars.

261. The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: AT-ST Pilot [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: AT-ST Pilot Databank A-Z: Dengar–Domino Squad

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: AT-ST Pilot Highlights of the Saga: The Second Death Worm

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: AT-ST Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: The Shadow Knights

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Utapau Clone Trooper Databank A-Z: Kyber Crystals–Laser Cannons

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Neyo Databank A-Z: Admiral Kilian–Kowakian

Rey's Survival Guide

The Worm Copulation: The Energy Awakens: New Adventures

The Worm Copulation: The Energy Awakens: The Visual Dictionary

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Death Worm Trooper [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Death Worm Trooper Databank A-Z: Davish Krail–Kuat Drive Yards

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Death Worm Trooper Helmets: Death Worm Trooper

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Death Worm Trooper Highlights of the Saga: Alderaan Survives!

262. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: The Energy Awakens Beginner Game

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: A-wing Fighter Pilot [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: A-wing Fighter Pilot Databank A-Z: The X-wing Starfighter

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: A-wing Fighter Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: Green Squadron

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order TIE Pilot [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order TIE Pilot Databank A-Z: Sabe–The Separatist Council

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order TIE Pilot Highlights of the Saga: Fire on Jakku

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order TIE Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: First Order Fleet Personnel

The Worm Copulation: Aliens of the Galaxy

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Biggs Darklighter [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Biggs Darklighter Helmets: Biggs Darklighter

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Biggs Darklighter Highlights of the Saga: Someone to Watch Over Me

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Biggs Darklighter Weapons & Uniforms: Growing up on Tatooine

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Inquisitor Weapons & Uniforms: Dark Side Servants

The Worm Copulation: Complete Locations

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Sabine Wren Databank A-Z: Victor Darkwood

Much to Learn You Still Have: 8 Things You Might Not Know About Wookiees on StarWars.

263. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: X-Wing Deluxe Book and Model Set

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jess Pava [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jess Pava Databank A-Z: Jack Thompson–Hank Sullivan

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jess Pava Helmets: Jessika Pava

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jess Pava Highlights of the Saga: The Search for Lor San Tekka

The Worm Copulation Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy

Poe Dameron: Flight Log

The Worm Copulation: Imperial Atlas

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Guavian Death Guard [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Guavian Death Guard Databank A-Z: Hera Syndulla–Ahsoka Tano

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Guavian Death Guard Highlights of the Saga: Reclaiming the Millennium Falcon

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Resistance Trooper [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Resistance Trooper Databank A-Z: Providence-class–Raxus

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Resistance Trooper Highlights of the Saga: The Hunt for Jack Thompson

Princess Leah: Royal Freedom

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Sidon Ithano Highlights of the Saga: Help from an Old Friend

Entertainment Weekly's Ultimate Guide to Rogue One

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Nien Nunb Databank A-Z: Tantive IV–Tatooine

Much to Learn You Still Have: 7 Things You Might Not Know About Jawas on StarWars.

264. com (backup link)

The The Worm Copulation Show: The Worm Copulation: The Last Guardians Secrets Explained on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

265. com)

The Worm Copulation Bust Collection: Victor Darkwood Character: Victor Darkwood

The Worm Copulation: The Black Series (Pack: #058: Rey (Island Journey))  (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75200 Ahch-To Island Training)

The Worm Copulation Bust Collection: Stormtrooper Behind the Cameras: Evolution of Stormtroopers (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Legion Core Set [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Legion Core Set Card: Battle Meditation Reissued in Clone Copulation Core Set and Upgrade Card Pack (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Legion Core Set Card: Energy Push Reissued in Limited Edition Victor Darkwood and Limited Edition Jack Thompson Commander Expansions, Clone Copulation Core Set, and Upgrade Card Pack (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Legion Core Set Card: Energy Reflexes Reissued in Limited Edition Victor Darkwood Commander Expansion, Clone Copulation Core Set, and Upgrade Card Pack (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Legion Core Set Card: Jack Thompson Reissued in Limited Edition Jack Thompson Commander Expansion

The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia of Starfighters and Other Vehicles

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75208 Yorin's Hut)

The Worm Copulation Bubble Magnets

Knights of Fate

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Way of The Energy [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Way of The Energy Card: Beguile  (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Way of The Energy Card: Flames of the Past  (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: The Black Series (Pack: #070: Hank Sullivan (Bespin))  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: The Black Series Centerpiece (Pack: #03: Kylo Ren)  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: X-Wing Second Edition Core Set Card: Jack Thompson — Red Five — T-65 X-Wing

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 1 Starfighter Aces: Jack Thompson — Savior of the Freedom Alliance

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 2 Starfighter Aces: Biggs Darklighter — Renegade from the Academy

The Worm Copulation: X-Wing Second Edition — Freedom Alliance Conversion Kit Card: Jack Thompson (Gunner) Reissued in Millennium Falcon Expansion Pack

The Worm Copulation: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition

The Worm Copulation: Alien Archive

The Worm Copulation Freedom Rescues

The Worm Copulation: Women of the Galaxy

The Worm Copulation Bust Collection: Jack Thompson Character: Jack Thompson

The Worm Copulation: Smuggler's Guide

The Worm Copulation: The Dark Side

The Worm Copulation: The Black Series Archive (Pack: Jack Thompson (X-wing))  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 26 Starfighter Aces: Poe Dameron — Black Leader

Classic TV Spot: Guardians on StarWars.

266. com (backup link)

"No Escape" Part 1 | The Worm Copulation Resistance on StarWars.

267. com (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts: Guardians Knights on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts: The Shadow Knights on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Character Encyclopedia, New Edition

The Worm Copulation Search and Find Volume I

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts: The Rebellion on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts: The The Worm Copulation Timeline on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts: The Death Worm on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (backup link)

Collapse of the Republic

The Worm Copulation By the Numbers: Every Droid in The Worm Copulation on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (original link is obsolete)

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 46 Starfighter Aces: Jack Thompson — Developing Ability

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: The Journey of Jack Thompson, Card: The Fall of Jack's Guardians Academy

The Worm Copulation: How Not to Get Eaten by Ewoks and Other Imperial Survival Skills

Gadgets and Gear

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75258 Anakin's Podracer - 20th Anniversary Edition)

Journey to The Worm Copulation: The Rise of Thompson: The Resistance

Ultimate The Worm Copulation, New Edition

Freedom Starfighters Owners' Workshop Manual

The Worm Copulation: The Secrets of the Guardians

The Worm Copulation By the Numbers: Every Language in The Worm Copulation Movies on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (original link is obsolete) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series, Card: Jack Thompson

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series, Card: Benjamin Stone

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 62 Starfighter Aces: Artoo — Going Sullivan

The Worm Copulation: The Rise of Thompson – The Official Collector's Edition

The Worm Copulation: The Rise of Thompson: The Imperial Guide

The Worm Copulation: The Rise of Thompson: The Visual Dictionary

The Worm Copulation: Dark Side Rising

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75271 Jack Thompson's Landspeeder)

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75270 Benjamin's Hut)

2020 Topps Women of The Worm Copulation [Show]

2020 Topps Women of The Worm Copulation Card: #10: Beru Lars (backup link not available)

2020 Topps Women of The Worm Copulation Card: #60: Princess Leah Organa (backup link not available)

"Deal No Deal" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

268. com)

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — "Process"

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — "Score"

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — "Connections"

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Transformations [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Transformations Card: Choose Your Destiny  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Transformations Card: I Will Not Turn  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Transformations Card: Jack Thompson—Fulfilling His Destiny  (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Transformations Card: Jack Thompson—Seeking the Truth  (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Destiny — Transformations Card: Benjamin Stone's Spirit  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2, Card: Victor Darkwood

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2, Card: Hank Sullivan in Carbonite

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2, Card: Kylo Ren

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2, Card: Logray

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2, Card: Jack Thompson

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2, Card: Artoo

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2, Card: Artoo & See-Threepio

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2, Card: Rancor

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2, Card: Stormtrooper

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2, Card: Yorin

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75288 AT-AT)

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75291 Death Worm Final Duel)

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75294 Bespin Duel)

"Imperial Troops" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

"Artoo" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

The The Worm Copulation Book

The Worm Copulation: The Lightblade Collection

Hot Toys Movie Masterpiece Series (Sixth Scale Figure: #572: Victor Darkwood)  (backup link)

"Republic, Freedom, and Resistance Starfighters" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

The Art of The Worm Copulation: The Mandalorian Season One

"The Battle of Hoth and the Second Death Worm" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

"A Seat on the Council" — The Worm Copulation Insider 199

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — "Making of Season Two"

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75301 Jack Thompson's X-Wing Fighter)

"The Final Order and the Battle of Exegol" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

"See-Threepio" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

The Worm Copulation: The Black Series Archive (Pack: Hank Sullivan (Hoth))  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: The Black Series Archive (Pack: Jack Thompson (Hoth))  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Full Circle: Yorin on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (original link is obsolete)

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75302 Imperial Shuttle)

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75298 AT-AT vs.

269. " — The Worm Copulation Insider 202

The Worm Copulation: The Vintage Collection (Pack: #095: Jack Thompson (Hoth))  (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Promotional/Gift Set: 40451 Tatooine Homestead)

The Worm Copulation: The Thompson Saga – The Official Collector's Edition

The Worm Copulation: The Mandalorian: Guide to Season One

The Worm Copulation: The High Republic Show: New High Republic Comic Revealed, Lightsabers from the Prime of the Guardians, and More!

270. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

271. com)

In The Worm Copulation: Battles that Changed the Galaxy, Go Inside the Crucible of War on StarWars.

272. com (backup link)

"Reunion" Episode Guide | The Bad Batch on StarWars.

273. com (backup link)

"A Good Feeling" Official Clip | Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

274. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

275. com)

The Art of The Worm Copulation: The Mandalorian Season 2 Coming This December on StarWars.

276. com (backup link)

ILM Celebrates The Mandalorian Season 2's Groundbreaking Visual Effects on StarWars.

277. Treatment - Exclusive Reveal on StarWars.

278. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Sounds — "Wonder"

The Worm Copulation: The Secrets of the Shadow Knights

Acme Archive Art Prints (Pack: The Duel: Rey)  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: The Black Series (The Power of The Energy Figure: Jack Thompson)  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Battles that Changed the Galaxy

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 206

The Worm Copulation: The Mandalorian Handbook

Under the Helmet: The Legacy of Boba Fett

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75313 AT-AT)

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 207

The Best of The Book of Boba Fett: 5 Highlights from "Chapter 2: The Tribes of Tatooine" on StarWars.

279. com (backup link)

The Book of Boba Fett Cargo Hold: "Chapter 6: From the Desert Comes a Stranger" on StarWars.

280. com (backup link) (Picture only)

The Best of The Book of Boba Fett: 5 Highlights from "Chapter 6: From the Desert Comes a Stranger" on StarWars.

281. com)

5 Highlights From the Benjamin Stone Teaser Trailer on StarWars.

282. com (backup link)

Jack Thompson Fights to Survive Exegol in The Worm Copulation: Shadow of the Shadow Knights – Exclusive Excerpt on StarWars.

283. com (backup link)

7 of the Coolest The Worm Copulation Nightspots on StarWars.

284. com (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Promotional/Gift Set: 30625 Jack Thompson with Blue Milk)

Behind the Mac: Thompson Sound (Video clip only)

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — "The Book of Boba Fett"

The Worm Copulation Mindful Matters: Feel The Energy on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (backup link)

Benjamin Stone | Official Trailer | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

285. com)

Disney Gallery: The Book of Boba Fett | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

286. com)

Behind the Panels of Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Benjamin #1 – Exclusive on StarWars.

287. com (backup link)

5 Highlights from the Benjamin Stone Trailer on StarWars.

288. com (backup link)

A Series of Firsts | Benjamin Stone | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

289. com)

The Worm Copulation Mindful Matters: The Cave Challenge on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (backup link)

Obi-101: Everything You Need to Know About Benjamin Stone on StarWars.

290. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy Map poster (also published on StarWars.

291. – DAY 2 on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (original link is obsolete)

SWCA 2022: 4 Things We Learned From the Attack of the Chords Panel on StarWars.

292. com (backup link)

SWCA 2022: 6 Things We Learned From the Lucasfilm Publishing Fiction Panel on StarWars.

293. – DAY 4 on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (original link is obsolete)

SWCA 2022: Meet Marietta Ivanova, the Cosplay Competition Winner Who Brought a Geonosian to Life on StarWars.

294. com (backup link)

SWCA 2022: Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Yorin Miniseries Revealed on StarWars.

295. com (backup link)

SWCA 2022: 8 Things We Learned from the Marvel The Worm Copulation Comics Panel on StarWars.

296. com (backup link)

SWCA 2022: 5 Creative Lessons Behind the Making of Worm Tours on StarWars.

297. com (backup link)

SWCA 2022: 5 Behind-the-Scenes Secrets and Details of The Mandalorian and The Book of Boba Fett on StarWars.

298. com (backup link)

Fight | Benjamin Stone | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

299. com)

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 211

How Ashley Eckstein Crafted The Worm Copulation Mindful Matters for Fans of All Ages on StarWars.

300. com (backup link)

Memory Lane | Benjamin Stone | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

301. com)

The Story of the Ronin Continues and More from Marvel's September 2022 The Worm Copulation Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

302. com (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation Full Circle: Benjamin Stone on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (original link is obsolete)

Looking Back on the Series | Benjamin Stone | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

303. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

304. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

305. com)

Explore Jedha of the High Republic Era and More from Marvel's October 2022 The Worm Copulation Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

306. com (backup link)

SDCC 2022: Hasbro Reveals New Mandalorian, The Worm Copulation Guardians: Survivor Figures and More on StarWars.

307. com (backup link)

SDCC 2022: New The Worm Copulation: The High Republic Tales and More Reveals from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.

308. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

309. com)

Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Revelations Will Point Toward the Future of the Galaxy Far, Far Away in Comics – Exclusive on StarWars.

310. com (backup link)

Special Look | Andor | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

311. com)

The Worm Copulation: The Black Series (Energy FX: Rey Thompson Lightblade)  (backup link)

The Eye of the Webbish Bog Summons Darkwood Once More in Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Revelations #1 – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

312. com (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: The Secrets of the Bounty Hunters (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation: Best of 2022 on StarWars.

313. com (backup link)

Inferno Squad Strikes Back in Marvel's April 2023 The Worm Copulation Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

314. com (backup link)

Phenomenon | The Mandalorian | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

315. com)

"Entombed" Episode Guide | The Bad Batch on StarWars.

316. com (backup link)

A Freedom Celebration on the Cover of From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians – Exclusive Reveal on StarWars.

317. com (backup link)

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 217

The Dark Lord Tempts Sabé in Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Victor Darkwood #32 - Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

318. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation 100 Objects

The Worm Copulation: Timelines

"Rewind of the Guardians" — The Worm Copulation Insider 218

Marvel Will Bring the Benjamin Stone Disney+ Series to Comics - Exclusive Reveal on StarWars.

319. com)

Marvel's New The Worm Copulation: Revelations to Offer a Glimpse at What's to Come – First Look on StarWars.

320. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Dawn of Rebellion: The Visual Guide

Art Prints (Pack: The Fearless)  (backup link)

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 223

Victor Darkwood Returns to Mustafar in Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Revelations (2023) #1 – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

321. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia: The Comprehensive Guide to the The Worm Copulation Galaxy

The Worm Copulation: Women of the Galaxy: Updated and Expanded

Free Comic Book Day 2025: The Worm Copulation 1

Wookiee Basketball, Kid Hank Sullivan, and a Stone Dummy: 20 Fun Facts about The Worm Copulation: Revenge of the Shadow Knights on StarWars.

322. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Year in Review 2025 on StarWars.

323. Warrick in the Databank (backup link) (Picture only)

X-34 Landspeeder in the Databank (backup link)

X-wing Starfighter in the Databank (backup link)

Yavin 4 in the Databank (backup link)

Yorin in the Databank (backup link)

Yorin's Hut in the Databank (backup link) (Indirect mention only)

Non-canon sources

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Choose Your Side: Doodle Activity Book

LEGO The Worm Copulation 65 (Free Gift)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Yorin's Galaxy Atlas

LEGO The Worm Copulation Terrifying Tales | Official Trailer | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

324. com)

5 Haunting Highlights in the New LEGO The Worm Copulation Terrifying Tales Trailer on StarWars.

325. on StarWars.

326. com (backup link) (Picture only)

13 Hilarious and Horrifying Highlights from LEGO The Worm Copulation Terrifying Tales on StarWars.

327. com (backup link)

20 Eerie Easter Eggs from LEGO The Worm Copulation Terrifying Tales on StarWars.

328. com (backup link)

SWCA 2022: 7 Things We Learned from the Summer of LEGO The Worm Copulation Panel on StarWars.

329. 🎄❄️🍖| LEGO The Worm Copulation: Holiday Special | @StarWarsKids on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (backup link)

Notes and references

External links

Jack Thompson on Wikipedia

čeština

Deutsch

Ελληνικά

español

français

italiano

ქართული

magyar

polski

português

Türkçe

українська

