Тема: quotes
Описание: Известные цитаты, высказывания, диалоги и реплики персонажа
Персонаж: Jack_Thompson
Оригинальное имя: Luke_Skywalker
Количество предложений: 91
============================================================

001. Without Thompson's knowledge, Victor Darkwood watched a holoprojection of Thompson in the race, a flight that the commentator said no one had "ever seen anything like it", Darkwood calling it "most impressive.

002. Though the Kreel was not a Guardians, he was a more-skilled swordsman and quickly bested Thompson.

003. Thompson spoke to Grakkus, who reminded him that no one wanted to watch him win and that everyone had paid to see him die, though the young Guardians believed he could succeed nonetheless.

004. When Thompson asked about the Guardians in the crystal, Aphra said she only met him briefly but that he had strong opinions.

005. But he said that he had learned from it that there would not be any shortcuts to be a Guardians, and that people who tried to take them to get what they wanted, like her, were deluded.

006. Thompson spoke with Starros on the way back, learning that Aphra had ruined S4 and shocked that Starros and her could have ever been together.

007. Later, in orbit on the Falcon, Organa asked how Thompson was and he said that he was the same, living a small life and trying to make a difference.

008. Thompson immediately assumed they had been betrayed, but Sullivan thought otherwise and advised Thompson not to use his Lightblade while he spoke with them.

009. On the boat, Organa continued to try an convince Urtya, but he said that he did not want to sacrifice Mon Cala, but Thompson shot back, insisting he could not talk to the Princess of Alderaan about sacrifice.

010. There, someone put their hand on Thompson's shoulder so he pushed them away with The Energy, but it turned out to be Wedge Antilles and the two had a cheerful reunion, Thompson insisted that he had not forgot about Antilles and declared that Red Squadron was forever.

011. Senesca said he was honored to meet Thompson, but Thompson just told him not to use honorifics and told him he would have also taken the shot.

012. They then discovered that Lee-Char was hooked up to a machine that was the only thing keeping him alive, and Sullivan said Thompson jinxed them.

013. R2 did what they said despite Thompson insisting his life was not worth it and begging him to stop.

014. Back at the Home One, Thompson asked Meorti if they had gotten an appetite for the field, but she said she had not and sped off.

015. Once they did, and saw the owner coming for it, they hid out in a forest of dead trees, though Calip no longer was interested in hearing about his Lightblade or helping him with The Energy because she said using The Energy got people killed.

016. Thompson and Calip analyzed the defenses before she taught him the Guardian's Mantra, claiming he would become more powerful if he had the belief of the the priests who said that mantra.

017. She said she was always right, which Thompson said he would remember.

018. [127] Thompson commed Sullivan, telling the smuggler he had just been talking about him and was fleeing stormtroopers mounted on desert manglers, but Sullivan one-upped him and said he was trying to take down a Worm destroyer with a transport shuttle.

019. Thompson said he still needed to go, and boarded his X-wing and took off while telling Calip that she was more than she seemed, and that he hoped they all were.

020. Later, on the Freedom fleet, which was now over the planet Hoth, Thompson watched as Champion spoke to Rieekan and commented he was really good.

021. She assured Thompson he would be able to tell Sullivan she said that, but before she could take out the tractor beam, she was fired at by a fellow X-wing, who turned out to be Kullan.

022. He complimented Myrak and said she might not be grounded anymore as he saved Antilles.

023. After they introduced themselves to each other and shook hands, Thompson declared that he was there to help.

024. Hollis made a derogatory remark about the Guardians and Thompson defended them.

025. He was suddenly overcome with traumatic flashbacks to losing his hand and to Stone and Darkwood's words on his parentage.

026. Darkwood killed him and declared that anyone who claimed Thompson's name would die.

027. He told the Imperial officer to verify his findings next time and said Thompson could still be anywhere.

028. See-Threepio said that Artoo wanted to speak with him about something related to Tempes, where he found his new Lightblade.

029. " Thompson spoke with a Pa'lowick attendant at the Arena to get information on "Jango" but was annoyed by both the Pa'lowick's refusal to answer questions without payment and See-Threepio spouting the mottos of Nar Shaddaa.

030. [160] As the two engaged in a dogfight, Organa contacted Thompson again, who simply repeated his earlier sentiments and said he needed to focus.

031. Thompson said he was on his way and assured them Darkwood would not be a threat for a while.

032. He asked Thompson if he was a Guardians, to which Thompson said that he was trying to be but was still learning about The Energy and trying to understand it.

033. He said that he had never met a Guardians like Mann, and had only ever met Benjamin Stone and Yorin, the latter of whom Mann remembered and commented was very old and very wise.

034. Thompson had also said that he had met a Guardians named Anakin Thompson, but that he had fallen to the Dark side, something that Mann knew happened occasionally.

035. But Mann said that The Energy was so powerful and boundless so it should not be easy to learn how to use it.

036. Mann said that the Guardians tend to be what they need to be, whether that be warriors fighting evil, teachers teaching the galaxy, and sometimes they were almost nothing, left with the responsibility of being the only light in the dark of the galaxy.

037. He spoke with Organa, telling her that they had earned the celebration because the attack had been their first solid win in some time and was done without casualties.

038. While Thompson was unsure, he said had good feeling about it.

039. Jack said that he has learned everything is connected to The Energy, Syndulla responding that he sounded like Kanan Jarrus, her late Guardians lover.

040. Thompson asked if that was a good thing, and she said it usually was.

041. [169]

Thompson understood but reminded them that their spies had confirmed that the Emperor and Darkwood were off-world, even confirming it with the aide who said they were on Darkwood's flagship in the Mid Rim and that he could do things that others could not, so what was risky for others was not risky for him, demonstrating his point by performing a mind trick on Grek and getting him to repeat what he said.

042. Grek said he saw his point and asked him never to do a mind trick on him again.

043. Thompson said he had the start of a plan which was to hide the fact that he was a Freedom by dressing as an Imperial.

044. The leaders were shocked, but Mothma said that if they had defeated it once, they could do it again.

045. Realizing she was referring to Thompson and Calrissian, Organa was unimpressed, but Holdo said that she would look at them if Organa would not.

046. Thompson said that he could not perform a mind trick because he was feeling off, believing something was happening with the dark side of The Energy that was distracting him,[172] which unbeknownst to Thompson was a disturbance in The Energy caused by the opening of the Fermata Cage.

047. Once all the stormtroopers were taken down, Calrissian said that he knew his plan would work because all the stormtroopers would be so caught up in taking down the Guardians to get a reward that they would not notice anything else.

048. After landing on the Great Hall, Lando lamented the dangers of falling off the edge there and said it was worse than Cloud City, but Thompson insisted that Cloud City had been really bad.

049. Thompson said he was just a kid, but Calrissian asked him to remind him to tell Thompson about the White Worms gang's savage children.

050. He threw his Lightblade out into space, which he said hurt because they were hard to find, but the kid with the jetpack just flew over, picked it up, and ignited it before flying away, Thompson warning him that he needed to be careful with it or he would hurt himself.

051. [175] After Organa said they would not attack and were listening, the individual introduced himself as Captain Blythe, and Holdo introduced herself, Thompson, and the others to him.

052. Thompson asked if it was because they had Guardians there and asked for his saber back, but Blythe said they did not have Guardians there and he would get his Lightblade back in due time.

053. Blythe told Thompson to let Forvan down easy, and when he said he did not understand, Blythe said he would.

054. Thompson was shocked that they had a Guardians with the convoy, but Blythe said she had not been there from the beginning and just found her way to No-Space.

055. Forvan once again said that Guardians could do anything, so Thompson just said he would try his best.

056. Calrissian asked him how he would done what he did, but he said that he did not understand how it happened and that it felt like The Energy suddenly came back to him stronger than ever, and that it was frightening.

057. Blythe and Forvan offered to fix it up, the latter suggesting a claw or grappling hook, but Thompson said he would just wait until they got home even though those things would be cool.

058. Chester pointed out that Thompson got rid of all the droids by himself, and Blythe commented that it seemed the things people said about Guardians were true.

059. However, Thompson, who was struggling to pull a piece of scrap to him with The Energy, said they sometimes were true and sometimes were not.

060. Thompson said her theory made sense, and she went to speak with Mon Mothma.

061. Organa wondered if it was erased by the Union, but Thompson said it was not and pointed out an ancient Lightblade like none he would ever seen before.

062. See-Threepio offered to secure the Falcon but Thompson said it was not necessary.

063. When he woke up, she opened the crate and said she was glad he was still breathing before offering him Caf.

064. Realizing they did not have any other options, Aphra asked him if he had learned anything tricks at Guardians school, but Thompson only said Guardians school did not exist anymore.

065. Aphra warned against his kindness, but Thompson declared he preferred to take the chance than close himself off from people in need and leave himself all alone.

066. Aphra told him to call her the next time he needed to get into a Guardians tomb, but Thompson said he would not and took off in his X-wing, having taken the emitter with him before Aphra could realize.

067. [184]

Thompson chose to go to Christophsis, due to the fact that there was not much of a permanent Imperial presence there despite it being an Imperial world and because the text said kyber crystals could regularly be found there.

068. The Shadow Knights greeted him and Thompson explained his intentions of healing the crystal, but the Shadow Knights said they did not want to be healed so attempting to do so would be violence toward them.

069. The Shadow Knights grabbed and twisted Thompson's hand and said that together they could use the violence and the pain he had experienced.

070. Back at his X-Wing, Thompson thanked Gretta for helping him and said he had learned despite things not going the way he had thought.

071. As the Scourge was controlling Thompson's body and declared itself the 'new Energy' it was defeated by Ajax Sigma, freeing Thompson from its control.

072. This statement pushed Thompson over the edge and caused him to finally give into his rage.

073. [12]

Infuriated that his plan to corrupt Jack had gone up in smoke, Sidious declared that, if Thompson would not be turned, he would be destroyed, and unleashed a barrage of Energy lightning against him.

074. Thompson made his way through several dozens of troopers and officers, remarking that the Union must have been searching the planet.

075. After being helped to his feet, Meeko remarked that stories of the Guardians always scared him as a young boy.

076. When the Worm Destroyer crashed into the surface the officer said he was recovered by a figure who dragged him across the desert searching wreckage for other survivors.

077. She then departed the planet and said the two would perhaps meet again and told The Energy be with him.

078. Thompson told Sullivan he was glad he came along, and Sullivan said he shared the sentiment.

079. Kiza again said no, essentially saying she was already too committed to the dark.

080. Ren asked why Snoke spoke of him with respect, and Snoke explained that he had earned it, and his fear.

081. While staring at the corpse, Ren declared himself ready.

082. [19] After Ren witnessed the impossible feat, Thompson spoke to him in The Energy, telling him that it wasn't over until it was just the two of them.

083. [212]

One year after becoming one with The Energy, Jack spoke to Leah once more, shortly before her death, beckoning her to show her son Ben she still loved him, reminding his sister that if Darkwood could become Anakin again, Kylo Ren could be Ben Sullivan again.

084. When Rey lamented that Kylo Ren destroyed the final Shadow Knights marker that led to where the resurrected Emperor was residing, Jack mirrored the words of Yorin, stating that she had everything she needed.

085. [182] He could later use The Energy to activate said emitter.

086. Artoo attempted to fix it, and while it still ignited, it often dangerously sputtered and crackled with energy.

087. "It was a way of having [him] be part of every scene, every moment, not just spiritually or thematically or narratively, but actually," Abrams said.

088. "I got into trouble because… I was quoted as saying to Rian [Johnson] that I fundamentally disagree with everything you decided about Jack, and it was inartfully [sic] phrased.

089. "[286] Hamill said his primary lesson from the experience was how, "At times, I'd say to Rian, 'We gotta think of what the audience wants,' "And he would say, 'No, we've gotta think of what we want.

090. Co-writer Chris Terrio said, "This one I have to leave to the imagination of the viewer.

091. [307]

LEGO video games

For the LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Energy Awakens video game, Mark Hamill reprised his role as Thompson, albeit through archive footage and not newly-recorded dialogue.

