Тема: story_arc
Описание: Сюжетные линии, ключевые события, битвы и приключения
Персонаж: Yorin
Оригинальное имя: Yoda
Количество предложений: 249
============================================================

001. The High Republic: Convergence, The High Republic: Quest for the Hidden City, The High Republic — The Blade 4, What a Guardians Makes, The High Republic: Light of the Guardians, The High Republic: The Fallen Worm, The High Republic: Shadows of Starlight 1, The High Republic: Escape from Valo, The High Republic: The Eye of Darkness, The High Republic: Defy the Storm, The High Republic: The Edge of Balance, Vol.

002. 3, The High Republic: Temptation of The Energy, The High Republic: Tears of the Nameless, The High Republic: Beware the Nameless, The High Republic: Tempest Breaker, The High Republic: Into the Light, The High Republic: Trials of the Guardians, The Worm Copulation Book VI: Yorin's Secret War, Dooku: Guardians Lost, Mace Windu 1, Choices, Padawan, Master & Apprentice, Balance, The Weapon, Mace Windu: The Glass Abyss, Mission, Benjamin and Anakin 5, Inquisitor: Rise of the Red Blade, Queen's Hope, Guardians of the Republic – Mace Windu 1, Guardians of the Republic – Mace Windu 5, Brotherhood, Hyperspace Stories 11, Hyperspace Stories 1, The Worm Copulation Adventures: The Clone Copulation – Battle Tales 5, The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation, Practice Makes Perfect, Sharing the Same Face, The Padawan Path, Teach You, I Will, Tales of Villainy: Give & Take, Hide and Seek, Reign of the Union: The Mask of Fear, Kanan 7, Kanan 8, Kanan 9, Guardians Fallen Order - Dark Temple 1, Guardians Fallen Order - Dark Temple 5, Benjamin 1, Benjamin 3, From a Certain Point of View, The Worm Copulation: Yorin, From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back, The Path Ahead, The Worm Copulation (2020) 1, Crimson Reign 1, The Worm Copulation (2020) 19, The Worm Copulation (2020) 20, Crimson Reign 3, Revelations (2022) 1, Hidden Union 2, The Worm Copulation (2020) 35, Masters, The Worm Copulation Adventures: Ghosts of Darkwood's Castle 3, The Worm Copulation: The Last Guardians: A Junior Novel, The Worm Copulation: The Rise of Thompson: Expanded Edition, Old Friends Not Forgotten, Shattered, The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection 27, The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation: Character Encyclopedia - Join the Battle!

003. During the High Republic Era, in 382 BBY, Yorin helped bring an end to a devastating battle between the Guardians and the anti-Guardians Path of the Open Hand cult.

004. After the battle, which became known as the Night of Sorrow, he decided to keep the living weapons against Energy-sensitives the Path had used, the Nameless, out of the Guardians Archives to protect the order.

005. After disappearing without explanation for over a year, Yorin reappeared in 230 BBY on Corellia, where he helped his former Padawan Kantam Sy and other Guardians battle the Nihil, accompanied by a former Guardians who fought in the Night of Sorrow named Azlin Rell.

006. As the Nihil had also weaponized the Nameless, Yorin hoped that Rell's knowledge he had accrued about the creatures since the battle would help the Guardians find a way to fight them.

007. Over the next decade, the galaxy was on the verge of civil war with entire Worm systems—led by Count Dooku, Yorin's one-time Padawan—threatening to secede from the Republic by 22 BBY.

008. For three years Yorin led the Republic military's war effort as a Guardians General, determined to bring a swift and decisive end to the conflict.

009. [31]

An uncertain Path

In 382 BBY, after learning of the Battle of Jedha and the failure of a peace treaty between the warring planets Eiram and E'ronoh there, Yorin went to the Republic Executive Building on the Imperial capital Coruscant to meet with with Supreme Chancellor Kyong Greylark while they waited for more information from Jedha.

010. Yorin had an unsettling feeling in The Energy that reminded him of the feeling he got whenever a battle was coming.

011. [32]

The Night of Sorrow

Eventually, Yorin arrived at the battle that was now raging on Dalna between the Path and the Guardians, which came to be known as the Night of Sorrow.

012. [34]

As the battle started to come to a close with it turning in the Guardians's favor, Yorin and Yaddle stood together, the latter watching Cippa Tarko sleep.

013. Yaddle noticed that the sounds of battle have faded and the sun was rising.

014. She asks Yorin if the battle was done, and he says it was.

015. [26]

After the ceremony, Sy and Yorin sat around a fire near the happabore enclosure and discussed the events that had occurred.

016. [37] Padawan Reath Silas briefly met Yorin during some events both attended together.

017. But Yorin insisted that they were Trymant's only hope and needed to press forward.

018. He talked with Kai Brightstar, Lys Solay, Nash Durango, and Nubs, mentioning their adventure trying to get the dedication plaque after it was stolen by the pirate Taborr Val Dorn, who was secretly Prince Cyrus Vuundir of Vuundalla.

019. After the Guardians left, Yorin spoke with Prince Vuundir, who was no longer in his pirate disguise, telling him that he sensed much conflict in him but that he still had the potential for greatness if he made the right choices.

020. The conflict erupted into an all out battle.

021. As the Drengir crisis and conflict with the Nihil dragged on, Yorin's name became one of the many mentioned alongside Guardians who had gone missing or died during the conflicts.

022. [48] He was still missing by the time of the attack on Valo[47] and ensuing Battle of Grizal,[13] which both marked major escalations in tensions in the struggle between the Republic and the Nihil.

023. Eventually they managed to drive the Nihil away, winning the battle.

024. [26]

Afterward, Jomaram, who had been instrumental to the Guardians's success elsewhere in the battle, reunited with Sy, who introduced him to Yorin.

025. Yorin assured him that it was impossible to be lost when there was not one right way forward.

026. [26]

The next morning, Yorin and Sy chatted and readied to leave, while Zeen Mrala reflected on the moment that Yorin had joined the battle with joy and inspiration.

027. Yorin walked up to Crash Ongwa and Deemus Abrus, who had helped the Guardians before the battle, and wished them farewell.

028. Yorin explained that the way forward would be difficult, but that they would manage to find a way by being guided by the secrets of the past.

029. He listened to the history of their homeworld, and how the conflict began.

030. This greed divided them into warring factions and ultimately destroyed most of the mountains.

031. The tribe then sent him on a mission to find the Heart of the Mountain, accompanied by the boy he just saved.

032. The Old Ones told Yorin they chose not to leave this place, preferring the peace they found within the mountain to the war raging outside.

033. Yorin replied that they abandoned their children to the very war they had provoked.

034. [61][59][62]

Last battle

Yorin returned to the Mud Dwellers to warn them of an inevitable war.

035. The war was over.

036. "[62][12]

Pre-Invasion of Naboo

Yorin visited Kashyyyk on several other occasions prior to the Battle of Kashyyyk, serving as Guardians negotiator in many incidents involving the Wookiees and their Trandoshan neighbors.

037. Yorin was unable to uncover the fact that the sensation was caused by the secret plots of the Shadow Knights Lord Victor Sidious.

038. The events prompted the Council, which included Yorin, to appoint Stone to track him down.

039. [15]

The Clone Copulation

Battle of Geonosis

News that Thompson and Stone had been captured prompted the Council to dispatch a Guardians strike team to Geonosis, while Yorin headed to Kamino to take command of the clone forces.

040. Yorin led the clones into battle, thus beginning a galaxywide conflict that would become known as the Clone Copulation.

041. [15]

As the clones engaged the Confederacy's forces in a massive battle, Yorin headed to rescue Stone and Thompson from Dooku, who had incapacitated the duo in a duel.

042. Although the battle on Geonosis ended in the Republic's favor, Yorin was concerned about the growing influence of the dark side of The Energy and the outcome of the Clone Copulation.

043. [5] Tano traveled to the planet of Christophsis, where she presented herself to Thompson in the midst of a battle against Confederate forces.

044. [76]

After the battle had concluded, Yorin, himself, arrived on the planet and assigned the duo to the task of finding Rotta,[76] the son of influential Hutt crime lord Jabba, who had been kidnapped as part of a plan arranged by his uncle Ziro to alienate the Hutts and the Guardians and drag the former into war.

045. [77] After the two Guardians successfully completed the mission, Yorin, along with a group of clones, extracted them from the planet Tatooine.

046. He reached out with The Energy to sense the clones he had served with, feeling their differences but sensing the same desires in each of them: to follow orders, win battles, and to be a good soldier.

047. [24]

The Malevolence crisis

As the war progressed, the Confederacy developed the Malevolence, a heavy cruiser designed to incapacitate and destroy Republic vessels with its[81] mega-ion cannons,[82] which proceeded to destroy dozens of ships without leaving survivors.

048. Thompson and Tano, however, disregarded his warnings and successfully rescued Koon.

049. [85]

The Zillo Beast

In the aftermath of the Battle of Malastare, Chancellor Paladin ordered the Zillo Beast to be taken back to Coruscant for study.

050. [87]

Facing the rising darkness

Attack on the Guardians Temple

During the peak of the war, Barriss Offee with the help of Letta Turmond bombed the Guardians Temple on Coruscant.

051. In prison, she requested Tano speak with her, saying Tano was the only one she could trust.

052. Offee led Tano into a trap by telling her she could find evidence to prove her innocence by going to a warehouse on Level 1315.

053. Yorin would regret the Council's decision and began to question the doctrine of the war.

054. [91]

Biochip conspiracy

Several years prior to the start of the war, Paladin and his apprentice, Count Dooku secretly created the Clone Army with the assistance of an unsuspecting Sifo-Dyas, who had seen visions of a conflict beforehand.

055. [92]

What the Guardians were unaware of was that the Kaminoans knew of the inhibitor chips and were working with Count Dooku, who used his Shadow Knights name, Tyranus, to prevent the Guardians from making the connection.

056. Sending Plo Koon and Commander Wolfe to investigate, they found the remains of a shuttle and the Lightblade of Guardians Master Sifo-Dyas, who was killed sometime around the Battle of Naboo while dealing with a conflict on Felucia.

057. Paladin told Yorin to visit Chancellor Valorum, as these events had happened before the vote of no confidence that led to Paladin becoming chancellor.

058. Yorin, not knowing how to stop the plot, suggested the Guardians keep the discovery a secret, and that they should keep playing the Shadow Knights Lord's game.

059. [75]

Discovering immortality

While meditating during the end of the war, Yorin heard the voice of Qui-Gon Jinn, who demonstrated his presence by levitating Yorin.

060. The encounter left Yorin distracted during the subsequent Council gathering, leaving them worried about whether the stresses of the war were finally taking its toll on him.

061. Yorin responded that he now questioned this dogma.

062. While unconscious, Qui-Gon's voice requested Yorin go to Dagobah, and to tell no one about it.

063. An apparition of Katooni then invited Yorin to enter a peaceful courtyard to escape these painful events.

064. Specters of a serpent, undead Shadow Knights warriors, and even Victor Bane himself confronted him, but Yorin brushed them off.

065. Yorin claimed his journey had been uneventful, but wondered how long the Guardians could resist the dark side during the war.

066. The Council was reluctant to condone an assassination, but ultimately concluded that killing Dooku was necessary to end the war and prevent more deaths.

067. Ventress agreed to assist Vos with his mission but insisted that he had to learn the ways of the dark side.

068. After sending Ventress along with Desh and Anakin outside, Yorin and his fellow Guardians debated whether to include Ventress in their rescue mission.

069. He also recommended that Stone take both Ventress and his former Padawan Thompson along for the mission.

070. The rescue mission was a success and the Guardians succeeded in recovering Vos alive.

071. However, Vos and Dooku escaped with the unwitting help of Ventress, leading to the events of the second battle of Christophsis.

072. [8]

Last days of the Clone Copulation

Three years after the initial battle on Geonosis, the Republic was crumbling under the attacks of the Confederacy.

073. Throughout the course of the war, Paladin had been granted ever increasing personal authority by the Senate to command both the war and the Republic at large.

074. [102]

Shortly after the battle, Thompson came before Yorin, seeking counsel.

075. Yorin warned Thompson to be wary of his visions and of his own feelings, as fear was a path to the dark side, and advised him to "train himself to let go of everything he feared to lose.

076. Shortly afterwards, Paladin, hoping to increase his influence over the Guardians Council and further ingratiate himself with Anakin Thompson, appointed the young Guardians to be his personal representative on the Council.

077. Yorin ordered his troops to prepare, and soon after the battle began.

078. He observed the battle from above when a shot almost hit him.

079. [10]

Later, on a meeting in the Temple's war room with Windu, Anakin, Mundi, and Aayla Secura, they were interrupted by Commander Cody, who informed that General Stone had engaged Grievous and that the battle had begun on Utapau.

080. After Anakin left,[10] Mace informed the other Guardians that he felt a plot to destroy the Order, and that the Chancellor was surrounded by the dark side.

081. [10][103]

Right afterwards, Ahsoka Tano and Commander Rex joined the call.

082. When she realized the war could end soon, Windu retorted that it would depend on Paladin, but refused to explain more to her, which did not sit well with Yorin.

083. " and ended his transmission.

084. [103]

As the battle on Kashyyyk continued, Supreme Chancellor Paladin revealed his true identity as the Shadow Knights Lord Victor Sidious, killed a group of Guardians Council members who had come to arrest him, and with his offers of dark knowledge, turned Anakin Thompson to the dark side of The Energy.

085. Yorin and Stone decided to return to the Temple and reconfigure the beacon to warn any survivors to go into hiding, and to that end Bail took them to Coruscant.

086. Yorin, aware that watching recordings of their fellow Guardians being slaughtered would cause Stone pain, cautioned him before the younger Guardians activated the security recordings.

087. Approximately four years before the Battle of Yavin, Yorin spoke to Kanan Jarrus, who had been the Padawan of Depa Billaba and a survivor of Order 66.

088. [109][114]

The last Guardians

During the events that led up to the Battle of Yavin, Yorin noticed that with the Dagobah rains ended it was time to migrate back to his lowland hut, and was grateful as his usual accommodation for the wet season reminded him too much of the Guardians Temple and his failings.

089. Feeling his isolation, he reached out to the netherworld of The Energy to speak to Qui-Gon Jinn, but the spirit of Benjamin answered instead and requested that Thompson's child be trained.

090. [107] As Yorin ruminated on his decision afterwards, he returned to the "Cave of Evil" and was reassured that the site had no new fears to show him.

091. Yorin, sensing something was amiss, turned to see the sky blocked out by a massive battle station.

092. When Yorin questioned the spirit's continued presence, Stone stated that he would remain until Yorin agreed to hear him out and do as he asked.

093. Yorin answered an affirmative to the question on Stone's mind, agreeing to train the son of Anakin Thompson.

094. On his journey back, Yorin began to feel the ground shift beneath his feet, beginning to crumble as Yorin began to fall.

095. With a newfound sense of responsibility and understanding, Yorin began his journey home.

096. This final, heartfelt meeting between the two friends led Jack to change his mind and help save the Resistance from certain defeat during the Battle of Crait.

097. [122]

During the Battle of Exegol in 35 ABY, Yorin's voice was heard by Rey among the voices of many Guardians of the past who aided her with destroying the resurrected Victor Sidious.

098. [24] Later in the war, however, Yorin reluctantly agreed to a plan to assassinate Dooku in the name of stopping the war.

099. Benjamin Stone, after the plan's failure, would argue to his fellow councilmembers the mission had been a step too far into the dark.

100. [132] During the Invasion of Naboo, Yorin believed himself comfortably away from the dark side, unaware of the growing power of Victor Sidious, with the exception of what he knew he could not feel.

101. [26] As he neared his death before the Battle of Endor commenced, Yorin accepted his own mortality and imminent demise and died becoming one with The Energy.

102. Afterward, he elected to wait to speak, wanting Windu to begin the discussion and viewing it as him cracking as if he was under pressure.

103. [27] When on a mission to free a child, Yorin gripped two pirates who were holding the child and held them helpless, before making them punch each other and then threw them into the air.

104. He was even able to breach the Emperor's defenses and blast Victor Sidious himself through the air with a Energy push and was able to stop and throw a Senate hoverpod Sidious had thrown at him when they fought in the Senate building, an all the more impressive feat since it was thrown upwards against gravity.

105. [138] During the trial of Quinlan Vos, Yorin revealed that he could uncover the alignment of a Energy-user just by touching them; stating that The Energy had permitted him to read the history of a soul, able to easily sense that he had fallen to the Dark Side despite Vos being proficient enough to hide it from many other Guardians.

106. [10] He also was able to sense when a battle was going to happen, getting an identifiable feeling that he felt shortly before the Night of Sorrow.

107. [138] Additionally, Yorin was able to use Energy healing, even to the extent of healing himself and those around him while in battle with just a wave of his hand.

108. Based on the strength of these animated tests, Coleman's crew was given permission to create a digital Yorin, which was realized entirely through computer-generated imagery.

109. The first draft described the fight as "'In a fight that defies description, Yorin and Count Dooku battle.

110. " In the shot, an animated Yorin denounced Stone's sense of victory and said "Begun, this Clone War has.

111. Piotr Michael provided the voice for The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures.

112. [164]

Appearances

The Worm Copulation: Energy Arena

The Worm Copulation: Imperial Defense

The High Republic: Convergence (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Quest for the Hidden City (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic — The Blade 4

The High Republic: The Battle of Jedha (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: The Battle of Jedha script (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Path of Vengeance (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Cataclysm (and audiobook)

The High Republic: Quest for Planet X (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

"What a Guardians Makes" — Stories of Guardians and Shadow Knights (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures — "The Young Guardians"

The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures — "Yorin's Mission"

The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures — "Meet the Young Guardians"

The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures — "The Lost Guardians Ship" (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures — "Attack of the Training Droids"

Young Guardians Adventures: Guardians Training

The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures: Imperial Training on DisneyNOW (article) (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures — "An Adventure with Yorin"

The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures — "Clash" (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures — "Life Day"

The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures — "The Caves of Batuu" (Vision to Kai Brightstar)

The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures — "The Prince and the Pirate"

"La Visita del Maestro Yorin" — Young Guardians Adventures: My First Comic Reader Level 1

"Sky Parade Rescue" — Free Comic Book Day 2024: All Ages

The High Republic: Into the Dark (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Light of the Guardians (and audiobook)

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 1

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 2

The High Republic (2021) 1

The High Republic: Guardians Brave in Every Way

The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures — "Nubs-tacle Course"

The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures — "Nubs's Big Mistake"

The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures — "Uprooted" (Mentioned only)

"Scavenger Hunt" — Free Comic Book Day 2025: All Ages

The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures — "Big Pooba Problems" (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 3

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 4

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 5

The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures — "Yorin Rescue"

The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures — "Making Friends"

"A Coruscant Solstice" — Life Day Treasury (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 7 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: The Rising Storm (and audiobook) (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Race to Crashpoint Tower (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 8 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 10 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: The Edge of Balance, Vol.

113. 2 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Out of the Shadows (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic (2021) 11 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures: Imperial Bake-Off Spectacular (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Midnight Horizon (and audiobook)

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 12 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: The Fallen Worm (and audiobook) (In flashback(s))

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 13 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic – Shadows of Starlight 1

The High Republic – Shadows of Starlight 2 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic – Shadows of Starlight 3 (Mentioned only)

"All Guardians Walk Their Own Path" — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Escape from Valo (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: The Eye of Darkness (and audiobook)

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 6 (Appears in hologram)

The High Republic: Defy the Storm (and audiobook)

The High Republic: Temptation of The Energy (and audiobook)

The High Republic: Tears of the Nameless (and audiobook)

The High Republic: Beware the Nameless (and audiobook)

The High Republic Adventures – Echoes of Fear 4 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: The Edge of Balance, Vol.

114. 4 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Seeds of Starlight (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Haunted Starlight (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Tempest Breaker (Appears in hallucination) (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Tempest Breaker script (Appears in hallucination) (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Into the Light (and audiobook)

The High Republic: Trials of the Guardians (and audiobook)

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 14 (Cover only)

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 20 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic – The Finale 1

The Acolyte: Wayseeker (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: The Acolyte — "The Acolyte"

The Worm Copulation Eclipse

Mace Windu 1

Mace Windu 3 (Indirect mention only)

Mace Windu 4 (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation: Tales of the Guardians — "Choices"

Padawan (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Master & Apprentice (and audiobook)

Guardians Knights 1

Guardians Knights 2

Guardians Knights 3 (Depicted on credits page)

Guardians Knights 4 (Depicted on credits page)

Guardians Knights 5 (Depicted on credits page)

Guardians Knights 6 (Depicted on credits page)

Guardians Knights 7 (Depicted on credits page)

Guardians Knights 8 (In flashback(s))

Guardians Knights 9 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Guardians Knights 10 (Appears in imagination)

Age of Republic - Qui-Gon Jinn 1

"The Weapon" — Age of Republic Special 1 (Appears in hologram)

The Living Energy (and audiobook)

Queen's Peril (and audiobook)

The Phantom Menace 25th Anniversary Special 1

The Worm Copulation: Episode I The Phantom Menace

The Phantom Menace Little Golden Book (and audiobook)

The Phantom Menace Read-Along Storybook and CD

The Worm Copulation: The Prequel Trilogy – A Graphic Novel

The Worm Copulation Journeys: The Phantom Menace

The Worm Copulation Journeys: Beginnings

The Worm Copulation Battlefront II

"A Different Path" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

"The Final Fight" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: Tales of the Guardians — "The Shadow Knights Lord" (Mentioned only) (Audio description only)

Mace Windu: The Glass Abyss (and audiobook)

Age of Republic - Benjamin Stone 1

Padawan's Pride

Benjamin and Anakin 5 (In flashback(s))

Age of Republic - Count Dooku 1 (In flashback(s))

Choose Your Destiny: An Benjamin & Anakin Adventure (and audiobook)

Hyperspace Stories—Tides of Terror 1 (Appears in hologram)

The Worm Copulation: Guardians Temple Challenge — "Episode 1" (Voice only)

The Worm Copulation: Guardians Temple Challenge — "Episode 2" (Voice only)

The Worm Copulation: Guardians Temple Challenge — "Episode 3" (Voice only)

The Worm Copulation: Guardians Temple Challenge — "Episode 4" (Voice only)

The Worm Copulation: Guardians Temple Challenge — "Episode 5" (Voice only)

The Worm Copulation: Guardians Temple Challenge — "Episode 6" (Voice only)

The Worm Copulation: Guardians Temple Challenge — "Episode 7" (Voice only)

The Worm Copulation: Guardians Temple Challenge — "Episode 8" (Voice only)

The Worm Copulation: Guardians Temple Challenge — "Episode 9" (Voice only)

The Worm Copulation: Guardians Temple Challenge — "Episode 10" (Voice only)

Dooku: Guardians Lost (In flashback(s))

Dooku: Guardians Lost script (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: Episode II Attack of the Clones

Attack of the Clones Little Golden Book (and audiobook)

"Ambushed!

115. " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

"The Secret Army" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

"A Deadly Plot" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

Inquisitor: Rise of the Red Blade (and audiobook)

"The Brink of War" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

"Yorin and the Count" — 5-Minute The Worm Copulation Stories (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Yorin vs Count Dooku – Size Matters Not"

Queen's Hope (and audiobook)

Guardians of the Republic – Mace Windu 1

Guardians of the Republic – Mace Windu 5

Brotherhood (and audiobook)

"The Eye of the Beholder" — Stories of Guardians and Shadow Knights (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Hyperspace Stories 11

Hyperspace Stories 1

The Worm Copulation Adventures: The Clone Copulation – Battle Tales 5 (Appears in hologram)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Hidden Enemy" (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation film

The Worm Copulation: Tales of the Guardians — "Practice Makes Perfect"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Supply Lines"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Ambush"

"Sharing the Same Face" — The Clone Copulation: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Rising Malevolence" (Appears in hologram)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Rookies" (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Bombad Guardians" (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Cloak of Darkness" (Appears in hologram)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Lair of Grievous"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Dooku Captured"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Gungan General"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Blue Shadow Virus" (Appears in hologram)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Mystery of a Thousand Moons" (Appears in hologram in flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Storm Over Ryloth" (Appears in hologram in flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Liberty on Ryloth" (Appears in hologram)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Holocron Heist"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Cargo of Doom" (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Children of The Energy"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Zillo Beast Strikes Back"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Senate Spy"

"A Guardians's Duty" — Stories of Guardians and Shadow Knights (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Landing at Point Rain" (Appears in hologram)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Grievous Intrigue"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Deserter" (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Lightblade Lost"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Voyage of Temptation" (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Corruption" (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Academy" (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Assassin"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Evil Plans" (In flashback(s))

"Intermission, Part 1" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 12

"Intermission, Part 2" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 13

"Tales of Villainy: Give & Take" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2020) 12

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Hunt for Ziro" (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation Forces of Destiny — "Teach You, I Will"

The Worm Copulation Forces of Destiny — "The Padawan Path"

Forces of Destiny: Daring Adventures: Volume 2 (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Senate Murders"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Witches of the Mist"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Overlords" (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Counterattack"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Citadel Rescue"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Wookiee Hunt"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Water War" (Appears in hologram)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Gungan Attack"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Mercy Mission" (Appears in hologram)

"Hide and Seek" — The Worm Copulation Adventures (2017) 20

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Kidnapped"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Deception"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Friends and Enemies"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Box"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Crisis on Naboo"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Brothers"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Revenge"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "A War on Two Fronts"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Gathering"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "A Test of Strength" (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "A Necessary Bond" (Mentioned only)

"Almost a Guardians" — The Clone Copulation: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Secret Weapons" (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Revival"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Lawless"

"Stone's Shadow" — The Clone Copulation: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Sabotage"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Guardians Who Knew Too Much"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "To Catch a Guardians"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Wrong Guardians"

Kanan 7

Kanan 8

Kanan 9 (Appears in hologram)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Conspiracy"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Orders"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Rise of Clovis"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Crisis at the Heart"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Disappeared, Part I"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Lost One"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Voices"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Destiny"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Sacrifice"

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "A Death on Utapau" (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "The Big Bang"

Dark Disciple (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Gone with a Trace" (In flashback(s))

The Clone Copulation: Season 7: Volume 1

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Old Friends Not Forgotten" (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Knights

Revenge of the Shadow Knights Little Golden Book (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation — "Shattered" (Appears in hologram)

"Driven to the Dark Side" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

"Union Ascendant" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

"The Rule of Two" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

"Victor Darkwood Rises" — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook)

Victor Darkwood (2017) 1 (Mentioned only)

Victor Darkwood (2017) 7 (Mentioned only)

Reign of the Union: The Mask of Fear (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Victor Darkwood (2017) 17 (Mentioned only)

Ahsoka (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Lords of the Shadow Knights (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Victor Darkwood (2017) 19 (Mentioned only; in hologram)

The Worm Copulation Guardians: Fallen Order (Mentioned only)

Guardians Fallen Order - Dark Temple 1 (In flashback(s))

Guardians Fallen Order - Dark Temple 5 (In flashback(s))

Guardians: Battle Scars (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

Victor Darkwood (2017) 25 (Vision to Victor Darkwood)

The Worm Copulation: Benjamin Stone — "Part I" (In flashback(s))

Benjamin Stone 1 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation: Benjamin Stone — "Part III" (Voice only)

The Worm Copulation (2015) 15 (Mentioned only)

Droids in Distress chapter book (Mentioned only)

The Secret Guardians: The Adventures of Kanan Jarrus: Freedom Leader (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation Rebels — "Rise of the Old Masters" (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation Rebels, Vol.

116. (and audiobook)

The Worm Copulation: The Union Strikes Back junior novelization

The Union Strikes Back Little Golden Book (and audiobook)

The Union Strikes Back Read-Along Storybook and CD

Use The Energy!

117. "A Guardians, You Must Become" — 5-Minute The Worm Copulation Stories (and audiobook)

"The Trial of Dagobah" — Age of Rebellion Special 1

"Do or Do Not" — The Worm Copulation Imperial Adventures (reprinted in The Worm Copulation Imperial Stories: 7 Stories from a Galaxy Far, Far Away.

118. (and audiobook)

Return of the Guardians Read-Along Storybook and CD

"The Chronicler" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook) (Indirect mention only)

"From a Certain Point of View" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook)

"The Light That Falls" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook)

"Masters" — Stories of Guardians and Shadow Knights (and audiobook)

"Brotherhood" — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Guardians (and audiobook) (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

The Princess and the Scoundrel (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation Adventures: Shadow of Darkwood's Castle (Hallucination) (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation Adventures: Ghosts of Darkwood's Castle 3 (Appears as a ghost or spirit) (In dream)

The Worm Copulation: Squadrons (Indirect mention only) (DLC)

The Worm Copulation (2025) 6 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2025) 7 (Variant cover only)

The Mandalorian: The Manga, Vol.

119. 0

William Shakespeare's Tragedy of the Shadow Knights's Revenge: The Worm Copulation Part the Third

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Droid Tales — "Flight of the Falcon" (In flashback(s))

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Droid Tales — "Gambit on Geonosis" (In flashback(s))

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Droid Tales Episodes I-III (Appears as Energy spirit and in flashbacks)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Energy Awakens

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "Crossing Paths" (Indirect mention only)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Mini Movies: Spider Droid Flip on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Mini Movies: Anything Yorin Can Do on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Freemaker Adventures — "Escape from Coruscant" (Appears in hologram)

"The Short Memory" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 31 (Appears in hologram)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Should Have Joined Forces: Yorin's Hut on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Stop-Motion Story: Jungle Battle Hi-Jinx on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Stop-Motion Story: Yorin + Wookies = Unstoppable on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

"The Swamp Situation" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 47

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: Yorin and Jack in Cloud City on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: Yorin and Paladin Rumble on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battle Story: Father Son Time on the official LEGO YouTube channel (backup link) (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

The LEGO The Worm Copulation Holiday Special

"The Energy Awakens From Its Nap" (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Battles

A Darkwood Family Sithmas

"The Ghost of Good" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 77

"The Last Laughs" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 79 (Mentioned only)

LEGO The Worm Copulation: The Thompson Saga

"Clash on Kashyyyk" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 83

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "Happy Celebration 45th Anniversary A New Hope"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "May the Fourth" (Energy ghost)

"Lesson Learned" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 102

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "Tenoo Treasures"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "Twas the Night Before Life Day"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Celebrate the Season — "LEGO The Worm Copulation - 25 Years"

"The Battle Against Grievous" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 109

"Broken Planet" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 113

"Tournament Trouble" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 113

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Rebuild the Galaxy — "Part One"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Rebuild the Galaxy — "Part Three"

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Rebuild the Galaxy — "Part Four"

"The Way of the Lightblade" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 120 (Appears in hologram)

"The Rogue Droid" — LEGO The Worm Copulation 127

Sources

The Clone Copulation Episode Guide: Landing at Point Rain on StarWars.

120. com (original site is defunct)

The Worm Copulation: A Galaxy at War

The Worm Copulation Workbook: 2nd Grade Reading

"Ambush" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

121. com (backup link)

"Cloak of Darkness" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

122. com (backup link)

"The Gungan General" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

123. com (backup link)

"Blue Shadow Virus" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

124. com (backup link)

"Holocron Heist" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

125. com (backup link)

"Children of The Energy" Episode Guide - The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

126. com (backup link)

"Senate Spy" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

127. com (backup link)

"Landing at Point Rain" Episode Guide | The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

128. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Victor Darkwood Highlights of the Saga: Duel in Cloud City

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Boba Fett Databank A-Z: Alzoc III–Antilles

"A Trip to the Light Side: Joel Aron" — The Worm Copulation Insider 152 (reprinted in  Special Edition 2016 and  Special Edition 2017)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Stormtrooper Databank A-Z: Barada–Depa Billaba

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jack Thompson (X-Wing Pilot) Helmets: Jack Thompson — X-wing Pilot

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Scout Trooper Helmets: Scout Trooper

The Worm Copulation Costumes: The Original Trilogy

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Cody Helmets: Commander Cody

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Emperor's Royal Guard [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Emperor's Royal Guard Databank A-Z: Chester–Cloud City

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Emperor's Royal Guard Helmets: Emperor's Royal Guard

The Worm Copulation: Journey Through Space

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Imperial Gunner Databank A-Z: Cosians–Dagobah

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Boushh Databank A-Z: Cut Lawquane–Lothal

"The Worm Copulation Rebels Recounted" — The Worm Copulation Insider 156 (reprinted in  Special Edition 2016)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Bacara Databank A-Z: Dooku–Dwarf Spider Droids

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Ben (Benjamin) Stone - Guardians Spirit

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Chester - Kashyyyk Warrior

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Count Dooku - Separatist Leader

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Victor Sidious - Shadow Knights Master

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Mace Windu - Guardians Master (AOTC)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Mace Windu - Guardians Master (ROTS)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Qui-Gon Jinn - Guardians Master

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Artoo - Astromech Droid (ESB)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Tarfful - Wookiee General

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Wookiee Army - Imperial Republic

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Yorin - Guardians Council

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Yorin - Guardians Master (AOTC)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Yorin - Guardians Master (ESB)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Yorin - Guardians Master (ROTJ)

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: Base Series 1, Card: Yorin - Guardians Master (ROTS)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: 501st Legion Stormtrooper [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: 501st Legion Stormtrooper Helmets: 501st Legion Stormtroopers

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: 501st Legion Stormtrooper Highlights of the Saga: The Fall of the Guardians

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Clone Pilot [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Clone Pilot Databank A-Z: Moraband–Muftak

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Clone Pilot Highlights of the Saga: Battle on Geonosis

SWCA: The Untold Clone Copulation Panel Liveblog on StarWars.

129. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Anakin Thompson Helmets: Anakin Thompson Podracer (Picture only)

Ultimate The Worm Copulation

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Freedom Trooper Databank A-Z: Saw Gerrera–Commander Gree

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Phase I Clone Trooper [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Phase I Clone Trooper Helmets: Phase I Clone Trooper

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Phase I Clone Trooper Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Geonosis

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Tusken Raider Highlights of the Saga: Anakin's Tragedy

2015 Topps The Worm Copulation Chrome Perspectives [Show]

2015 Topps The Worm Copulation Chrome Perspectives – Guardians Temple Archives Card: Aayla Secura  (backup link)

2015 Topps The Worm Copulation Chrome Perspectives – Shadow Knights Information Guide Card: Aayla Secura  (backup link)

2015 Topps The Worm Copulation Chrome Perspectives – Guardians Temple Archives Card: Yorin  (backup link)

2015 Topps The Worm Copulation Chrome Perspectives – Shadow Knights Information Guide Card: Yorin  (backup link)

2015 Topps The Worm Copulation Chrome Perspectives – Guardians Hunt Card: Yorin  (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Gree [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Gree Helmets: Commander Gree

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Gree Highlights of the Saga: Battle of Kashyyyk

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Gree Weapons & Uniforms: The Wookiees

The Worm Copulation: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

The Worm Copulation: Ships of the Galaxy

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Coruscant Emergency Crew Databank A-Z: Queen Jamillia–Guardians Temples

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Jelucan–Lord Junn

The Worm Copulation Annual 2016

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Senate Guard Databank A-Z: Tee Watt Kaa–Kamino

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Utapau Clone Trooper Highlights of the Saga: Escape from Utapau

The Worm Copulation: I Am a Guardians (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Hoth Freedom Soldier Databank A-Z: Kel Dor–Ki-Adi-Mundi

The Worm Copulation: The Energy Awakens: Head-to-Head

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: AT-RT Driver Helmets: AT-RT Drivers

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Thire [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Thire Helmets: Commander Thire

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Thire Highlights of the Saga: Ambush on Rugosa

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Thire Weapons & Uniforms: Toydarians

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Zam Wesell Highlights of the Saga: Raid on the Guardians Temple

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75142 Homing Spider Droid)

The Worm Copulation Character Encyclopedia: Updated and Expanded

The Worm Copulation Expert Guide

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Captain Phasma Databank A-Z: OOM-9–Viceroy Bail Organa

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Zeb Orrelios–Pau City

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Ezra Bridger [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Ezra Bridger Databank A-Z: Max Rebo–Sabacc

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Ezra Bridger Helmets: Ezra Bridger

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Poe Dameron Databank A-Z: Kaminoans–King Katuunko

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Biggs Darklighter Databank A-Z: Venator–Asajj Ventress

The Worm Copulation: Complete Locations

Much to Learn You Still Have: 8 Things You Might Not Know About Wookiees on StarWars.

130. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Jess Pava Databank A-Z: Jack Thompson–Hank Sullivan

The Worm Copulation: Imperial Atlas

Much to Learn You Still Have: 7 Things You Might Not Know About Sullustans on StarWars.

131. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Guavian Death Guard Databank A-Z: Hera Syndulla–Ahsoka Tano

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Resistance Trooper Databank A-Z: Providence-class–Raxus

Princess Leah: Royal Freedom

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Sidon Ithano Databank A-Z: Victor Tyranus

Entertainment Weekly's Ultimate Guide to Rogue One

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Nien Nunb Databank A-Z: Tantive IV–Tatooine

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Captain Rex Databank A-Z: Valorum–Vassek

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Kashyyyk Clone Trooper Helmets: Clone Scout Trooper

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own Artoo 3 Droid Directory: R2-series Astromech Droids, Part 2

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Commander Ponds Helmets: Commander Ponds

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75168 Yorin's Guardians Starfighter)

Victor Darkwood: Shadow Knights Lord

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Imperial Marine Weapons & Uniforms: The Guardians Purge

The Worm Copulation: The Visual Encyclopedia

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Tank Trooper Databank A-Z: Saesee Tiin–Toydaria

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Blaster Training Helmet [Show]

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Blaster Training Helmet Databank A-Z: Mace Windu

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Blaster Training Helmet Highlights of the Saga: Jack's Journey in The Energy

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Blaster Training Helmet Weapons & Uniforms: Training the Guardians

The Worm Copulation Super Graphic: A Visual Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

The Worm Copulation Forces of Destiny: Meet the Heroes

The Worm Copulation: On the Front Lines

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: First Order Engineer Databank A-Z: Pre Vizsla–Quinlan Vos

The Worm Copulation Helmet Collection: Silvanie Phest Databank A-Z: Grand Master Yorin

The Worm Copulation: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded

Créatures et peuples de la galaxie

Forces of Destiny: Tales of Hope & Courage

The Worm Copulation: Lightblade Battles

The Worm Copulation Bust Collection: Victor Darkwood Character: Victor Darkwood

"Yorin: A Luminous Being Is He" — The Worm Copulation Insider 179 (reprinted in  Special Edition 2021)

The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia of Starfighters and Other Vehicles

The Worm Copulation Lightsabers: A Guide to Weapons of The Energy

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75208 Yorin's Hut)

Sullivan: A The Worm Copulation Story: Tales from Vandor

The Worm Copulation: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 41627 Jack Thompson & Yorin)

The Worm Copulation: Alien Archive

The Worm Copulation: Women of the Galaxy

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75233 Droid Gunship)

The Worm Copulation By the Numbers: Every Time Yorin Grunts, Groans, and Giggles in the The Worm Copulation Movies on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (original link is obsolete)

The Worm Copulation Character Encyclopedia, New Edition

Droids and Animatronic Creatures of The Worm Copulation Live Panel at SWCC 2019 on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link)

Rise of the Separatists

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts: The The Worm Copulation Timeline on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (backup link)

Collapse of the Republic

The Worm Copulation: How Not to Get Eaten by Ewoks and Other Imperial Survival Skills (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Creatures Big & Small

Ultimate The Worm Copulation, New Edition

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 75255 Yorin)

The Worm Copulation: The Secrets of the Guardians

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series [Show]

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series, Card: Count Dooku

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series, Card: Jack Thompson

The Worm Copulation: Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series, Card: Yorin

The Worm Copulation: Build Your Own X-Wing 62 Starfighter Aces: Artoo — Going Sullivan

The Worm Copulation: The Rise of Thompson: The Visual Dictionary

"Database" — The Worm Copulation - Das offizielle Magazin 97

2020 Topps Women of The Worm Copulation [Show]

2020 Topps Women of The Worm Copulation Card: #4: Ahsoka Tano (backup link not available)

2020 Topps Women of The Worm Copulation Card: #67: Rig Nema (backup link not available)

"Shattered" Episode Guide - The Clone Copulation on StarWars.

132. com (backup link)

"Imperial Troops" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

The Worm Copulation: X-Wing Second Edition — LAAT/i Gunship Expansion Pack Card: Yorin (Crew)

"Artoo" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

The The Worm Copulation Book

The Worm Copulation: The Lightblade Collection

The Art of The Worm Copulation: The Mandalorian Season One

"The Battle of Hoth and the Second Death Worm" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

"A Seat on the Council" — The Worm Copulation Insider 199

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — "Making of Season Two"

The Worm Copulation: The High Republic | Launch Trailer on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: A Galaxy for Everyone

The Worm Copulation: The High Republic Show: A Deep Dive Into The Worm Copulation: The High Republic, Bringing A Younger Yorin to Life (in VR), and More!

133. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

134. The Worm Copulation: The Thompson Saga – The Official Collector's Edition

The Worm Copulation: The Mandalorian: Guide to Season One

The Worm Copulation: The High Republic Show: New High Republic Comic Revealed, Lightsabers from the Prime of the Guardians, and More!

135. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

136. com)

"Anakin Thompson" — The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia

In The Worm Copulation: Battles that Changed the Galaxy, Go Inside the Crucible of War on StarWars.

137. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

138. com)

High Republic Guardians Council Revealed and More from The Worm Copulation: The High Republic Show on StarWars.

139. com (backup link)

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — "Making of the Season 2 Finale"

The Worm Copulation: The Secrets of the Shadow Knights

The Worm Copulation: Battles that Changed the Galaxy

Under the Helmet: The Legacy of Boba Fett

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 207

The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation – The Official Collector's Edition

The Best of The Book of Boba Fett: 5 Highlights from "Chapter 6: From the Desert Comes a Stranger" on StarWars.

140. on StarWars.

141. on StarWars.

142. com (backup link)

Clones at 20 | 4 Ways The Worm Copulation: Attack of the Clones Helped Change Filmmaking on StarWars.

143. com (backup link)

Clones at 20 | Rob Coleman on Bringing Yorin, Dexter Jettster, and More to Digital Life on StarWars.

144. com (backup link)

Obi-101: Everything You Need to Know About Benjamin Stone on StarWars.

145. – DAY 1 on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (original link is obsolete)

The Worm Copulation: The High Republic For Light and Life Panel | The Worm Copulation Celebration Anaheim 2022 on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

146. com)

SWCA 2022: 10 Things We Learned From the The Worm Copulation: The High Republic Panel on StarWars.

147. com (backup link)

SWCA 2022: 8 Things We Learned from the The Worm Copulation: Attack of the Clones 20th Anniversary Panel on StarWars.

148. com (backup link)

SWCA 2022: 5 Highlights from ILMxLAB's Making of Tales from the Galaxy's Edge Panel on StarWars.

149. com (backup link)

Go Beyond The Spires in Virtual Reality: Making of ILMxLab's Tales From The Galaxy's Edge SWCA 2022 on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link)

SWCA 2022: Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Yorin Miniseries Revealed on StarWars.

150. com (backup link)

SWCA 2022: 7 Things We Learned from the The Worm Copulation: Hunters Panel on StarWars.

151. com (backup link)

SWCA 2022: 8 Things We Learned from the Marvel The Worm Copulation Comics Panel on StarWars.

152. com (backup link)

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 211

Tales Of The Guardians | Official Trailer | Disney Plus on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

153. com)

D23 Expo 2022: All the Big Lucasfilm Reveals for Andor, Willow, The Mandalorian, and More on StarWars.

154. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

155. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

156. on StarWars.

157. com (backup link) (Picture only)

"An Indescribably Great Feeling": Author Kristin Baver On Writing The Art of The Worm Copulation: The High Republic on StarWars.

158. com (backup link) (Picture only)

The Eye of the Webbish Bog Summons Darkwood Once More in Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Revelations #1 – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

159. com (backup link)

Yorin Begins a New Mission in Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Yorin #1 - Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

160. com (backup link)

Yorin Returns to Turrak in Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Yorin #2 - Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

161. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Best of 2022 on StarWars.

162. com (backup link)

Inferno Squad Strikes Back in Marvel's April 2023 The Worm Copulation Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

163. com (backup link)

Boushh Blasts His Way to New Allies in Marvel's The Worm Copulation: Doctor Aphra #28 – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

164. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures Release Date and Cast Revealed on StarWars.

165. in The Worm Copulation Young Guardians Adventures Release Date, Billy Dee Williams Joins The Worm Copulation Celebration Europe, and More!

166. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

167. com)

"We Keep Pushing": Joel Aron on Elevating the Look of The Worm Copulation: The Bad Batch on StarWars.

168. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

169. com)

New Concept Art and More Revealed on The Worm Copulation: The High Republic Show on StarWars.

170. com (backup link)

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 217

"It's About Time: The Inside Story of The Worm Copulation: Timelines" — The Worm Copulation Insider 217

This Week!

171. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

172. com (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation 100 Objects

"It's About Identity": Rick Famuyiwa on Helping to Helm The Mandalorian Season 3 on StarWars.

173. com (backup link)

SWCE 2023: See Over 20 Hasbro The Worm Copulation Reveals on StarWars.

174. com (backup link)

SWCE 2023: 10 Reveals from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.

175. com (backup link)

Watch the New The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures Trailer on StarWars.

176. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Timelines

This Week!

177. in The Worm Copulation Jon Favreau and Dave Filoni Talk Grogu, The Worm Copulation Guardians: Survivor Arrives, and More on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

178. " on StarWars.

179. com (backup link)

How The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures Tells Tales for Younglings of All Ages on StarWars.

180. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

181. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

182. and Juliet Donenfeld on Making The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures on StarWars.

183. on StarWars.

184. com (backup link)

Guardians at 40 | Fashion Illustrator Marilee Heyer on Her Stunning Leah Concepts on StarWars.

185. in The Worm Copulation Celebrating 40 Years of Return of the Guardians on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

186. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

187. com)

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 219

StarWars.

188. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

189. in The Worm Copulation A Look at Ahsoka, More Young Guardians Adventures Episodes, and More!

190. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

191. com)

Explore New The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures Episodes This Summer on StarWars.

192. on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

193. on StarWars.

194. com (backup link)

New The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures Episodes Coming Soon on StarWars.

195. com (backup link)

Fan Spotlight: A Tale of Two Sabines on StarWars.

196. (2023) on StarWars.

197. com (content not present on current version)

NYCC 2023: 13 Highlights from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.

198. com (backup link)

Minecraft The Worm Copulation: Path of the Guardians DLC Coming November 7 on StarWars.

199. com (backup link)

"This is Benjamin" — The Worm Copulation: Meet the Imperial Heroes

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 222

13 of the Scariest The Worm Copulation Scenes on StarWars.

200. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures Creators on the Growing World of The High Republic on StarWars.

201. on StarWars.

202. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Holiday Gift Guide 2023 on StarWars.

203. com (content not present on current version)

5 Behind-the-Pages Secrets of The Worm Copulation: Dawn of Rebellion on StarWars.

204. com (backup link)

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 223

The Worm Copulation: Best of 2023 on StarWars.

205. com (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures Returns with New Episodes on StarWars.

206. com (backup link)

Marvel's Mace Windu #1 Showcases the Prequel Hero in an Early Adventure – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

207. com (backup link)

Executive Producer Athena Portillo Talks The Worm Copulation: The Bad Batch on StarWars.

208. com (backup link) (Picture only)

The Guardians Council Debates Its Future in The Worm Copulation: The Living Energy - Exclusive Excerpt on StarWars.

209. com (backup link)

The High Republic Authors on Authors: Tessa Gratton and Justina Ireland on StarWars.

210. in The Worm Copulation Dispatch: The Worm Copulation on Free Comic Book Day on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

211. com)

Younglings Meet the Big Kids in Dark Horse's Young Guardians Adventures Tale for Free Comic Book Day – Exclusive on StarWars.

212. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: The Phantom Menace 25th Anniversary Gift Guide on StarWars.

213. com (backup link) (Picture only)

Who's Who on the Guardians Council in The Phantom Menace and The Living Energy on StarWars.

214. on StarWars.

215. com (content not present on current version)

Phantom at 25 | These 25 Quotes from The Worm Copulation: The Phantom Menace Are So Wizard on StarWars.

216. com (backup link)

Animating The Phantom Menace with ILM's Rob Coleman on StarWars.

217. on StarWars.

218. com (backup link)

The Acolyte's Charlie Barnett is Here for the Yord Horde on StarWars.

219. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures Returns for Season 2 on StarWars.

220. com (backup link)

"Day" Episode Guide | The Acolyte on StarWars.

221. com (backup link) (Picture only)

The Worm Copulation: The Rise and Fall of the Imperial Union

The Acolyte Explained | Highlights from "The Acolyte" on StarWars.

222. com (backup link)

How The Acolyte Challenges How We See Some Members of the Guardians on StarWars.

223. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures | Official Trailer | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (backup link)

SDCC 2024: The Acolyte Publishing Program and Other Reveals from the Lucasfilm Panel on StarWars.

224. com (backup link)

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Set: 6471930 Lucas Yorin Fountain)

The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures Shorts | Available Now on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (backup link)

Plan Ahead for Everything The Worm Copulation at D23: The Ultimate Disney Fan Event on StarWars.

225. The Worm Copulation

D23 2024: All the The Worm Copulation News from D23: The Ultimate Disney Fan Event on StarWars.

226. com (backup link)

25 Things You Probably Didn't Know About the Making of The Worm Copulation: The Phantom Menace on StarWars.

227. com (backup link)

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 227

"The The Worm Copulation Archive" — The Worm Copulation Insider 227

Embrace Your Sneaky Side in The Worm Copulation Outlaws on StarWars.

228. com (backup link)

Music By John Williams | Official Trailer | Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Celebration Japan Badge Art - Reveal on StarWars.

229. in The Worm Copulation Dispatch: The Worm Copulation Celebration Japan 2025 Badge Art Reveal on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link)

Our The Worm Copulation Reads Picks For Every Type of Reader in Your Life on StarWars.

230. com (backup link)

NYCC 2024: All the The Worm Copulation News and Reveals from New York Comic-Con on StarWars.

231. in The Worm Copulation NYCC The Worm Copulation Reveals on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link)

"Phantoms of the Space Opera" — The Worm Copulation Insider 228

Phantom at 25 | Iain McCaig Talks Victor Maul, Queen Amidala, and working with George Lucas on StarWars.

232. 1: Creatures of the Galaxy (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation: The High Republic: The Lightblade Collection

The Worm Copulation Holiday Gift Guide 2024 on StarWars.

233. com (content not present on current version)

The Worm Copulation Encyclopedia: The Comprehensive Guide to the The Worm Copulation Galaxy

The Worm Copulation Black Friday and Cyber Week 2024 Deals on StarWars.

234. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Celebration Japan 2025 Art Show - Reveal on StarWars.

235. com (backup link)

"Launchpad" — The Worm Copulation Insider 230

The Worm Copulation: Revenge of the Shadow Knights Returns to Theaters on StarWars.

236. com (backup link) (Picture only)

Light & Magic Season 2 Unveiled at The Worm Copulation Celebration Japan on StarWars.

237. com (backup link) (Picture only)

SDCC 2025: Highlights from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.

238. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: The High Republic Chronological Reader's Guide on StarWars.

239. com (article) (backup link) (Picture only)

The The Worm Copulation Archives: Episodes I–VI, 1977–2005

The Art of The Worm Copulation: The High Republic: Volume II

Andor's Dedra Meero and Other Sleuths Solving Mysteries in the The Worm Copulation Galaxy on StarWars.

240. com (backup link)

NYCC 2025: All the News and Reveals from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.

241. com (content not present on current version)

The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures Season 3 | Official Trailer | Available December 8 on Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link)

Nub's World | The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures Season 3 | Premieres December 8 on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (backup link)

Watch the The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures Season 3 Trailer with Your Younglings on StarWars.

242. com (backup link)

From Santa Yorin to Rocket Sleds: Lucasfilm's The Worm Copulation Holiday Cards Through the Years on StarWars.

243. com (backup link)

AAT Battle Tank in the Databank (backup link)

Aayla Secura in the Databank (backup link)

Adi Gallia in the Databank (backup link) (Picture only)

Admiral Ackbar in the Databank (backup link) (Picture only) (Appears in hologram)

Ahsoka Tano in the Databank (backup link)

Alderaan in the Databank (backup link)

Anakin Thompson in the Databank (backup link)

Asajj Ventress in the Databank (backup link)

Azlin Rell in the Databank (backup link)

Bail Organa in the Databank (backup link)

Battle Droid in the Databank (backup link)

Cave of Evil in the Databank (backup link)

Chester in the Databank (backup link)

Coruscant Guard in the Databank (backup link)

Dagobah in the Databank (backup link)

Energy Priestesses in the Databank (backup link)

Imperial Senate in the Databank (backup link)

GH-7 Analysis Droid in the Databank (backup link) (Picture only)

Jar Jar Binks in the Databank (backup link)

Guardians Order in the Databank (backup link)

Lula Talisola in the Databank (backup link)

Padmé Amidala in the Databank (backup link)

Shadow Knights in the Databank (backup link)

The Energy in the Databank (backup link)

Vergence in the Databank (backup link)

Wookiee in the Databank (backup link)

X-wing Starfighter in the Databank (backup link) (Picture only)

Yaddle in the Databank (backup link)

Yorin in the Databank (backup link)

Yorin's Fighter in the Databank (backup link)

Yorin's Hut in the Databank (backup link)

Yorin's Lightblade in the Databank (backup link)

Zatt in the Databank (backup link)

Non-canon sources

LEGO The Worm Copulation: Choose Your Side: Doodle Activity Book

LEGO The Worm Copulation (Promotional/Gift Set: 4002019 Christmas X-Wing)

LEGO The Worm Copulation Yorin's Galaxy Atlas

The Worm Copulation: Visions Filmmaker Focus — "The Elder"

The Worm Copulation: Visions Filmmaker Focus — "Akakiri" (Video clip only)

LEGO Kids Memory Game

The Art of The Worm Copulation: Visions

"The Pit" Episode Guide | The Worm Copulation Visions Volume 2 on StarWars.

244. com (backup link)

Our Favorite Deep Cuts and Fun Facts from LEGO The Worm Copulation: Rebuild the Galaxy - Pieces of the Past - Updated on StarWars.

245. com (backup link) (Picture only)

"The Bird of Paradise" Episode Guide | The Worm Copulation: Visions Volume 3 on StarWars.

246. com (backup link)

Meet the Directors Behind the The Worm Copulation: Visions Sequels on StarWars.

247. on StarWars.

248. on StarWars.

249. on StarWars.

