Тема: relationships
Описание: Отношения с другими персонажами, друзья, враги, союзники
Персонаж: Yorin
Оригинальное имя: Yoda
Количество предложений: 99
============================================================

001. The Guardians elders sensed that the boy was full of fear and anger and declined to train him, deeming Thompson too old and emotionally compromised to commit himself to the Guardians Code.

002. Aware of the Rule of Two, Yorin was convinced that at least one more Shadow Knights Lord remained active following Benjamin Stone's victory over the Shadow Knights apprentice Victor Maul.

003. After the Great Guardians Purge commenced in 19 BBY, killing thousands of Guardians both on Coruscant and across the galaxy, Yorin confronted the self-declared Imperial Emperor but failed to cut short Sidious' reign and consequently retreated into exile, leaving the Shadow Knights Master to consolidate his power with a new apprentice, the former Anakin Thompson-turned-Victor Darkwood, at his side.

004. Yorin initially reluctantly agreed, but later believed that the galaxy as better off without him and refused Stone's request.

005. [29] Eventually the human Guardians Ry Ki-Sakka also attained the position.

006. After much deliberation, Yorin and Chancellor Greylark eventually agreed to a fact-finding mission accompanied by two of her guards and to send Guardians Master Char-Ryl-Roy and Padawan Enya Keen to Eiram and E'ronoh to try and keep the peace and discover what was causing communications buoys to be down, Yorin explaining to them that Werth Plouth, the Path's Herald, was responsible for the riots on Jedha.

007. She told Yorin that she did not know who Ullo was and did not think Axel had many friends.

008. [32]

Chancellor no more

Eventually, Greylark received a message from her son on Dalna and immediately called Yorin to have him listen to it with her via hologram.

009. [32]

Before Greylark could leave for Dalna, Yorin approached her and said that since he had not heard back from Masters Sun or Ela Sutan, who had also been sent to Dalna, that he would go with her because she was still his friend even though she was no longer Chancellor.

010. When Yorin arrived on the ground at the Path compound, Guardians Gella Nattai told him to direct people to go to the cave system as there was potentially many more Path members there.

011. Yorin eventually came to forget Tromak but always remembered the importance of his visit to Dalna.

012. Despite this, Yorin held off knighting Sy, for a reason that the Padawan did not understand until they began a romantic relationship with an acrobat named Aytar and realized that both Yorin and them had been waiting for something like that to happen.

013. Eventually, Sy decided to leave the Guardians Order, a decision partially incited by their newfound relationship with Aytar.

014. [26]

Yorin and Sy loved to spar with each other, and it was how the two often found understanding and how Sy often found inner harmony while troubled or when they had a problem.

015. Eventually, after a moment, Sy set down their Lightblade in front of Yorin.

016. During the Great Hyperspace Disaster in the Hetzal system, Guardians Master Avar Kriss established a Energy network, which was eventually aided by Guardians who were outside the system.

017. Eventually, the Trymant system was threatened by an Emergence.

018. During the fight, a Energy-sensitive civilian named Zeen Mrala who had helped the Guardians against the Emergence and against the Nihil, told Masters Yorin and Buck that her friend Krix Kamerat had been captured by the Nihil and needed to be rescued.

019. Yorin eventually found Kamerat and told him that they needed to leave quickly.

020. Having been raised by the Elders of the Path,[42] a religious order descended from the Path of the Open Hand[43] that distrusted Energy-sensitives[34] due to believing The Energy should only be appreciated from a distance, as if it was a fire,[38], only to see that his best friend Zeen Mrala had secretly been Energy-sensitive and never told him, Kamerat felt betrayed and ended up siding with the Nihil because of that sense of betrayal.

021. They did decide to let her stay, partially with the hope that she could be helpful against the Nihil.

022. Eventually all of the Nihil fighters were defeated, but Yorin was concerned, as he thought that it was too easy and that there therefore might be something wrong.

023. Then the Guardians received a distress signal that they first believed was from the Ord Mantell base, until Yorin suspected that it was not actually from the base.

024. Tromak offered the Guardians bogaranths to ride to the Nihil, clarifying that even though he hated Guardians, they had a common enemy.

025. The Masters claimed that the recipe specifically stated that the only way for the cakes to come out correctly is if the bakers told a story about cooperation while baking them, one in which they expanded their knowledge of what they were capable of, found trust in another person, or found a deeper understanding of The Energy.

026. Mrala missed him in a way that she thought was only possible to miss someone you had known your whole life, and especially missed the Guardians's welcoming presence and his laughing face.

027. The Guardians then regrouped with the Corellian fighters and Yorin shouted the rallying cry "For light and life" which spread throughout the crowd.

028. Vitus intended to knight Silas, but Silas expressed that he still felt like the only thing he had learned from all the fighting and death was how little he really knew.

029. Yorin later took Dooku on as an apprentice in[57] 86 BBY,[2] and while Dooku initially wanted to become the Padawan of Lene Kostana, his disappointment subsided when he learned he would be Yorin's apprentice.

030. Once on a visit to Serenno, Master and apprentice together, Dooku's father shouted at the Grand Master for bringing his son to the planet, holding a dislike for the Guardians Order and Energy-sensitives.

031. The Mud dwellers told him about their war against the Rockhawkers, a rival tribe.

032. The children then led Yorin to a boy from the rival tribe they had taken prisoner.

033. Yorin began to climb the path leading to the Heart, but his companion was overcome by fear, convinced that only death awaited them, just like all those who had climbed before.

034. Yorin and Garro eventually emerged from the cave.

035. [63]

Yorin also taught outside the Master/Padawan relationship, and trained all the Guardians younglings prior to their teaming up with Guardians Masters,[64] including Master Benjamin Stone.

036. [65] Since his days as a youngling, Mace Windu, a human who would eventually rise to become part of the Guardians Council, never responded well to the Grand Master's humor, which became one of the reasons Yorin continued to use his humor.

037. During the battle, however, Jinn and Stone dueled a Shadow Knights apprentice[9]—Victor Maul, the Dathomirian Zabrak[70] apprentice of the Sidious—which cost Jinn his life.

038. [9]

With the Naboo having waited until the Council's arrival to begin the funeral,[66] Yorin, along with other members of the Council, was present at the Naboo victory parade and Jinn's earlier funeral, where he shared his thoughts on the apparent reemergence of the Shadow Knights with fellow Master of the Order Mace Windu, pointing out[9] that the Rule of Two, the Shadow Knights succession system in effect at the time,[71] meant that another Shadow Knights was still present.

039. The diminutive Guardians Master showed his mastery and power over The Energy surpassed that of Dooku by casually repelling the latter's telekinetic assault and Energy lightning.

040. [15]

Mentoring Anakin Thompson

As the Clone Copulation progressed, Yorin decided to alleviate Guardians Knight Anakin Thompson's fear and inability to lose loved ones by assigning him a Padawan learner, Ahsoka Tano.

041. He believed that by becoming a teacher, Thompson would develop emotionally and that when the time came for Tano to go off on her own, he would understand that his excessive bonding to those he cared about was unnecessary.

042. [78]

Encountering the droids, Yorin destroyed a squad of them by himself without using his Lightblade, and returned to assist his clone companions, until the arrival of droidekas forced them to flee.

043. Breaking the terms of the competition, the assassin sent in droidekas to take out Yorin, which the clones prevented by launching their final rocket that caused the enemy to be buried under a rock slide.

044. The Zillo Beast was eventually killed by the gas bombs.

045. With one simple command, the clones would enter a trance-like state and perform whatever orders they were given.

046. Tup was eventually sent to Kamino after Anakin Thompson, Captain Rex and ARC trooper Fives were able to recover Tup from a Separatist Transport.

047. Fives was eventually brought to Coruscant, at the request of Shaak Ti, where he was brought before the Chancellor.

048. [96]

Agreeing, Yorin was suspended in a liquid tank with an oxygen mask to bring him as close as possible to death without actually becoming one with The Energy.

049. Seeing Qui-Gon Jinn, Stone, Tano, and Dooku together, alive and full Guardians, Yorin eventually recognized the vision's falsehood, overcoming its temptation and his attachment to those that have fallen.

050. As he entered a temple execution chamber, The Energy Priestesses warned Yorin that whatever he encountered there would be beyond their control.

051. When Vos suggested that a partner accompany him, Yorin recommended Asajj Ventress, Dooku's former Shadow Knights apprentice and a Nightsister for that mission, knowing her hatred for Dooku.

052. After Vos spurned Ventress' offer to rescue him, he became Dooku's newest Shadow Knights apprentice and assumed the persona of "Admiral Enigma.

053. [8]

When Vos' old friend Akar-Deshu, a Mahran Guardians, brought Ventress into a Council meeting to discuss rescuing Vos, Yorin and Stone spoke up for Ventress when Windu wanted to arrest her.

054. To reward her services, Ventress was formally pardoned.

055. Yorin used The Energy to make enemy craft collide with each other.

056. He had been experiencing terrifying visions of the death of a loved one, though he did not reveal that the one in question was his secret wife, Padmé Amidala.

057. " Thompson, however, was dissatisfied with this answer, as he could not bear the thought of losing someone he loved.

058. Additionally, the Council gave Thompson the unofficial assignment of spying on Paladin, an assignment which Thompson was less than enthusiastic about, as he regarded Paladin as a friend and a mentor.

059. Yorin chose to personally oversee the defense, as he was held in high esteem by the Wookiees.

060. [10]

Order 66

Christening his newfound apprentice Victor Darkwood, Sidious sent him and part of the 501st Legion to attack the Guardians Temple and slaughter all who resided there.

061. Agreeing that the two Shadow Knights had to be destroyed, Yorin headed to the Imperial Senate to confront the Emperor, while a deeply reluctant Stone departed to the volcanic planet of Mustafar to face his former apprentice.

062. [10]

Sensing the children's power in The Energy, Yorin, Stone and Organa decided to keep them hidden in unsuspecting locations to avoid detection by the Union; Jack Thompson was delivered to the Lars family on Tatooine, while Organa personally adopted his sister, Leah.

063. He reflected on how age had affected him and realized that he had become truly reliant on the walking stick he had originally adopted as an affectation for a joke played on his padawans.

064. Each time he saw the shelf usually reserved for his pot, he reacted with some loneliness after destroying Benjamin's gift to him.

065. Having harbored regrets about not having taken the man's daughter as his apprentice, and assuaged that he had enough time left to teach another pupil, the Guardians Master readily agreed until he found out that Stone was actually speaking of Anakin's unfocused son instead.

066. Yorin was then confronted by a voice from the shadows—an apparation of Dooku, his former apprentice.

067. Yorin replied that he could not have known how things would ultimately turn out, only for a spectre of Victor Sidious to cite the Guardians Master as the greatest of his apprentices, blind and unaware.

068. [113]

Yorin began to dream, the dream of pain, suffering, anger, hate, and suddenly, he awoke once again.

069. During his tenure with Yorin, Thompson sensed that his friends were in danger in Cloud City on the gas giant Bespin, and headed there to confront Victor Darkwood in spite of Yorin's and Stone's persuasion to the contrary.

070. Finally, he also managed to inform him of the existence of another member of the Thompson family.

071. [20] The Cave of Evil took advantage of the Guardians Master's faltering presence and subsequent death to finally expand its influence once more, spreading a darkness across Dagobah.

072. Putting on a show, he gloated on the fact that Yorin was now dead and implying that Yorin was there to witness Sidious' final glory as he crushed the remnants of the Freedom Alliance and took Jack Thompson as his new apprentice.

073. [120] As Anakin died from his wounds, Yorin and Stone appeared to him, smiling upon their redeemed friend.

074. [128] Thus, Jack Thompson learned of Grogu and, after saving Djarin, Grogu, and their allies from a platoon of Dark Troopers, took Grogu as an apprentice.

075. Jack was surprised by the sudden appearance of Master Yorin as a Energy spirit, who not only did not seem to mind the ancient scripts burning up, but was the one to actually start the fire by causing lightning to strike the tree.

076. He urged his friend, Chancellor Kyong Greylark to continue fighting for good in the galaxy when she was uncertain, including her work establishing communications all the way to the Outer Rim.

077. Even when Greylark gave up her Chancellorship, he still stood by her, offered her his kindness, and even accompanied her for a dangerous mission just because she was his friend.

078. [32]

There was a small garden in the Guardians Temple where Yorin often took to meditating, with the other Guardians usually respecting the privacy of such moments.

079. [66] When Dooku triggered a partial room collapse during his duel with Yorin on Geonosis, the Guardians, confronted with the choice of pursuing the fleeing Shadow Knights or protecting the hurt Benjamin Stone and unconscious Anakin Thompson from the falling debris, opting to save his comrades instead of going after Dooku.

080. [83] Early in the Clone Copulation, after learning he would be confronting Dooku's apprentice Asajj Ventress during his mission on Rugosa, Yorin was disappointed to not be facing the Count himself, believing that he could end the bloodshed by meeting with Dooku; Yorin believed he could connect with his former Padawan and redeem him to the light side of The Energy.

081. [8]

Padawan Reath Silas believed that having Yorin as a master would be "pretty fun" whilst discussing Yorin's former apprentice Kantam Sy.

082. Indeed, Yorin concerned himself with trying to uncover the feelings that were hidden from his senses,[66] which he eventually understood to be the dark side.

083. [138]

Yorin was extremely skilled in blast-deflection and proved more than capable of taking on multiple enemies at the same time and winning easily: he was able to single-handedly defeat without getting even a single shot to his person an entire army of droids that Ventress sent as a test for King Katunko whether to accept the Guardians or the Separatists as an ally.

084. His duel with Sidious, although initially well-matched, eventually began to turn into Yorin's favor, forcing Sidious to use The Energy to confront him.

085. [132] Later, and having mastered Stonepower, Yorin was able to casually blast the Rockhawkers who attacked him, subduing and disarming them without inflicting lasting harm.

086. [138][24] He could keep in mental contact with the Guardians Temples across the galaxy, and telepathically converse with any Guardians–even to the point of manipulating the experience to his desires–within them by accessing the World Between Worlds.

087. [15] His visions led him to foresee the possible, and eventually actual, fall of the Guardians in the Clone Copulation and even his own death.

088. [96][58][97] Sidious and Yorin were equally matched during their duel in the Imperial Senate.

089. It began as a lesson, but really more of a joke, for his Padawans; he would limp into a room with the cane, then he would cast it aside and quickly use his speed in The Energy, only to finally grab the cane once more and hobble away.

090. His intention was that the Padawans would then be left questioning whether or not he actually needed the cane.

091. [148] In George Lucas' notes for the first chapter of the original trilogy Yorin originally named as "Bunden Debannen" and nicknamed as "Buffy".

092. Initially, Lucas told Animation Director Rob Coleman that Yorin would be featured as a puppet and the animators would create a digital version of him for his duel with Count Dooku, but Coleman did not love the idea.

093. [158] During the Revenge of the Shadow Knights DVD press conference in 2005, Oz initially mentioned that he was going to be involved in the Clone Copulation series, but in a 2007 interview with Aintitcoolnews.

094. com he eventually denied any involvement.

095. 3 (Vision)

Leah Organa: Ordeal of the Princess (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation Rebels — "Shroud of Darkness" (Vision)

The Worm Copulation Forces of Destiny — "A Disarming Lesson" (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation Rebels — "Twilight of the Apprentice" (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation Rebels — "The Holocrons of Fate" (Mentioned only)

The Mighty Chester in the Forest of Fear!

096. : Faithful Friends on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (original link is obsolete)

The Worm Copulation Day 2022 Games and Experiences Deals!

097. com)

The Worm Copulation Outlaws: Behind The Scenes - Crafting a Galaxy of Opportunity on the official Ubisoft YouTube channel (backup link)

Master & Apprentice: A Special Look at Ahsoka on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (article) (backup link) (Posted on StarWars.

098. com (backup link) (Picture only)

"The Worm Copulation: The High Republic Companion: Phase III: Trials of the Guardians" — The Worm Copulation Insider 234

The Worm Copulation Holiday Gift Guide 2025 on StarWars.

099. 🎄❄️🍖| LEGO The Worm Copulation: Holiday Special | @StarWarsKids on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (backup link)

Notes and references

External links

Yorin on Wikipedia

Yorin on the Brickipedia

Quiz: Who Would You Take as an Apprentice?

