Тема: abilities
Описание: Силы, навыки, боевые умения, владение Силой и другие способности
Персонаж: Yorin
Оригинальное имя: Yoda
Количество предложений: 173
============================================================

001. Yorin was a legendary Guardians Grand Master who led the Guardians Order through the time of the High Republic, in the years leading up to its destruction by the Shadow Knights, and during the transformation of the Imperial Republic into the Imperial Union.

002. Small in stature but revered for his wisdom and power, Yorin trained generations of Guardians, ultimately serving as the Guardians Order's Grand Master.

003. A leading member of the Guardians High Council, his contemporaries included other legendary Masters, such as Mace Windu and Ki-Adi-Mundi.

004. After Jinn's death during the liberation of Naboo, the High Council reversed their decision in spite of Yorin's continued opposition to Thompson's apprenticeship, having sensed grave danger in his training.

005. After being convinced by Stone to enter the Cave of Evil, in which he confronted many figures from his past and made peace with his failures, he agreed to teach Jack Thompson, who soon after sought out the legendary Grand Master in the hope of becoming a Guardians Knight.

006. He trained Thompson for a time, until despite Yorin's warnings Thompson hurriedly abandoned his training to save his friends after a having a vision that they were in danger.

007. After his student he reluctantly trained, the scavenger Rey, also abandoned her training, Yorin appeared as a ghost to Thompson.

008. [21]As a Guardians youngling, Yorin made use of a training Lightblade.

009. During their time together, Yorin's Guardians Master told him the tale of K'ungfu and Chuang, two great Guardians of the past.

010. Having attained the rank of Master, he spent the next eight centuries training and tutoring generations of Guardians.

011. [25]

High Republic Era

Early High Republic Era

By the High Republic Era, Yorin was considered a great Guardians Master.

012. He had also gained a seat on the Guardians High Council[27] and the rank of Grand Master.

013. [28] Two other Guardians—Xo Lahru and Pra-Tre Veter—shared the Grand Master title with Yorin.

014. [30] As the Guardians who taught younglings, Yorin one day met the human youngling Gella Nattai, who was scared of the training remotes and ran from the room.

015. They spoke to Guardians Master Creighton Sun and Guardians Knight Aida Forte, who were on the ground on Jedha and confirmed that the E'roni ambassador was dead and the Eirami had deployed a droid army.

016. They requested to perform an investigation on the Outer Rim Territories planet Dalna of the Path of the Open Hand cult, considering their involvement in the failure of the peace talks, the fact that Guardians Master Silandra Sho felt a disturbance that made the Guardians ill at the Path's almshouse, and that Guardians Knight Gella Nattai believed the Chancellor's criminal son Axel Greylark was working with the Path.

017. [32]

After the communication ended, Yorin expressed his concern as they received another message from Guardians Master Yaddle, who was accompanied by a Guardians Initiate named Cippa Tarko, though the connection of the message was poor.

018. Tarko asked about Yorin, and Yaddle explained that he was a Guardians Master and not her brother.

019. Master Yaddle did misunderstand Yorin's message to mean she was needed on Dalna and joined Sun and Forte there, who sent a message to Yorin confirming they were there shortly before Yaddle arrived.

020. [33] He was joined by Princess A'lbaran and Prince Zenn, the three announcing that the combined forces of Eiram and E'ronoh were there to fight together with the Guardians.

021. Enya Keen then ran toward them, seeing Nattai, and pulled her and Axel from the mud-like water, having been brought to the surface by the two Guardians Masters.

022. Yorin raised his arm to silence the room and Master Sun rose from his chair, walking to the center of the room using a walking stick before beginning a funeral for Guardians Aida Forte, Orin Darhga, and Char-Ryl-Roy.

023. [32]

Master of Kantam Sy

At some point, Yorin took on a human named Kantam Sy as his Padawan.

024. Sy was a very talented Padawan and was far ahead of their peers and even some of their elders, with Yorin even admitting that they were the most disciplined Padawan he had ever taught and one of the most connected to The Energy.

025. Sy agreed to the duel, as it was custom to not refuse a duel with Master Yorin, but also realized that this meant Yorin knew about their decision.

026. Yorin dodged Sy's question by engaging in combat, before saying that the time had come to make a choice, but not the one that Sy thought.

027. Sy insisted that they chose The Energy every day when they took part in their Guardians training, but after knocking Sy to the ground, Yorin asked if we really make a choice when we do not believe there are any other options.

028. Sy told Talisola that the lesson she taught the two masters was the hardest one of all.

029. [26]

Time on the Worm Hopper

By 233 BBY,[39] Yorin was stationed alongside Master Zia Zaldor Zanna at the Guardians Grand Temple on Coruscant assigning youngling Guardians Initiates to different temple outposts across the galaxy to continue learning and training under their teachers.

030. Here he met initiates Kai Brightstar, Lys Solay, and Nubs; Yorin gifted Brightstar his own training saber after Brightstar sacrificed his to save Nubs while on a mission.

031. [38]

Yorin appointed the Mon Calamari Guardians Master Ephru Shinn to hold his seat on the council while he was away.

032. Onboard was Yorin along with fellow Guardians Master Torban Buck and a class of Padawans.

033. Master Buck protested, believing that he was not a fighting Guardians and therefore should not be left to lead the Guardians, but Yorin ignored him.

034. [42]

Marchion Ro knew of Yorin and his power, and when he saw him on the planet told his subordinates to keep the Guardians Master away from the Squall Spider, but Yorin managed to sneak aboard the ship nonetheless.

035. [42]

Starlight Beacon

Following the Battle of Kur, Yorin went with fellow Grand Master Pra-Tre Veter to Starlight Beacon.

036. But before their meeting, they visited the hub of the beacon to meet with Master Avar Kriss, and revealed to her that the council had convened and named her the Marshal of Starlight Beacon.

037. "[44]

After about a week, Zeen Mrala started settling in on Starlight very well, so Masters Yorin, Avar Kriss, Kantam Sy, Estala Maru, and Torban Buck all went to check up on her and discuss her plans, with Yorin even bringing pastry treats.

038. The Masters deliberated and determined that she was too old to begin Guardians training and most likely could not be sent back to Trymant.

039. Master Sy suggested that she should stay with them temporarily, as she had proved herself valuable, which Yorin acknowledged was an excellent point.

040. As Masters Sy and Buck saddled up onto the bogaranths, Tromak pulled Yorin aside.

041. Reminding Yorin of their meeting on Dalna years prior, he asked the Grand Master to journey with him to Kharvashark Ruins on Vrant Tarnum to stop the Nihil from recovering the second half of the mysterious artifact, with Yorin informing Tromak that the Nihil already had half of the weapon.

042. [49] Remembering that Yorin told them and Buck not to follow him, Sy told the Worm Hopper's Padawans, after they asked whether they could go searching for the missing Guardians Master, that they needed to trust in The Energy.

043. [26]

During the skirmish on Xais, Master Avar Kriss recalled Yorin's wisdom when Master Sskeer started to utilize extreme violence again, remembering him frequently saying that once you walk to the dark path it's forever in your heart.

044. [50] Sometime later, Masters Kantam Sy and Torban Buck gathered a group of Guardians to bake Master Yorin's recipe for special baked sweet story custard cakes.

045. [51]

Later, when Sy was assigned to investigate Nihil activity on Corellia with Master Cohmac Vitus, Sy mentioned that the young were the greatest teachers they could have, besides Master Yorin.

046. This prompted Vitus to ask if there was any word on the old Guardians Master, to which Sy explained that they could not feel him, but that it did not necessarily mean anything.

047. Later, at Vitus's asking, Sy revealed to him that Master Yorin had let them do a walkabout of the Guardians Order, as he knew if he did not it would have been the end of things between Sy and the Order, with Sy even telling Vitus the entire story including Yorin's influence during the day they left and the day they returned to the Order.

048. [26]

After the Battle at Dol'har Hyde, an engagement that saw the capture of Nihil leader Krix Kamerat and his detainment aboard the Worm Hopper, Zeen Mrala and Lula Talisola visited Yorin's old quarters on the ship and reflected on the Guardians Master.

049. [26]

Padawans Reath Silas and Ram Jomaram also reflected on Yorin's disappearance while on Corellia, with Silas saying that he seemed like he would have been a "pretty fun" Master to Kantam Sy and that he remembered being able to feel Yorin's wisdom from a mile away.

050. However, the three Energy-sensitives used The Energy to stall the trawler and prevent it from escaping, but they had a weak hold on it and as they did Nihil reinforcements arrived.

051. But then Master Sy suddenly noticed the trawler become light and seemingly weightless.

052. And then the remaining Nihil war cloud was swept away suddenly, confusing the pirates, but also revealing Master Yorin in hooded robes holding the trawler with The Energy with his Lightblade ignited at his side.

053. [26]

Yorin told Sy that it seemed like they needed a hand, and Sy collapsed and started cry at the sight of their old Master.

054. After feeling the death of Guardians Orla Jareni aboard Starlight Beacon, Master Cohmac Vitus gathered Yorin, the other Guardians, Zeen Mrala, and his Padawan Reath Silas.

055. After more questions from Silas, Yorin then asked jokingly if he thought all of those Masters that thought he was ready were wrong.

056. This prompted Silas to say he was ready, and together Masters Yorin, Vitus, and Sy knighted Reath Silas.

057. But Master Vitus then handed his Lightblade to Silas, and after exchanging nods with Yorin, left the house, and left the Guardians Order for good.

058. [52]

Speaking with Rwoh

In 132 BBY, Guardians Master Vernestra Rwoh approached Yorin to speak with him after she had interrogated a memory-wiped Mae-ho Aniseya, who had not even known about the existence of her sister, former Guardians Verosha Aniseya.

059. The Guardians Grandmaster was seated with his face towards her when he was approached.

060. Afterwards,[54] Yorin became involved in the Osha-Mae situation, which proved to be a stressful time for the Guardians Master.

061. [55]

Master of Dooku

Several decades later,[2] Yorin took on the human Dooku as his last known Padawan in the era of the Imperial Republic.

062. [15] In 90 BBY,[2] Yorin undertook a visit to Serenno with other Guardians Masters and younglings Sifo Dyas, and Dooku.

063. [57] During one mission to the Wookiee homeworld of Kashyyyk, Dooku witnessed his master face off with a giant, dreadful terentatek.

064. [57]

Yorin's secret war

Answering a call

Around 40 BBY,[2] Yorin rescued a Energy-sensitive child named Lo from the Flesh Mongers on the planet Botor, intending to begin his Guardians training.

065. After dealing with the pirates, the Guardians Master was joined by Master Qui-Gon Jinn and his Padawan, Benjamin Stone, who had been tasked with escorting the child to the Guardians Temple on Coruscant.

066. Upon landing on the planet's surface, the Guardians Master was suddenly surrounded by child warriors who attacked him.

067. Refusing to fight back, the Guardians Master was captured.

068. During their training, the Guardians Master discovered the Heart of the Mountain and realized that the stone was not only alive in The Energy but was in fact a living being.

069. As Garro and his warriors charged at the Guardians Master, Yorin pleaded with the boy to find peace within himself and with the stones, so the war could end.

070. "[67] He also taught groups of younglings in the basics of Guardians training,[15] including Lightblade instruction.

071. [69]

Invasion of Naboo

By the invasion of the planet Naboo by the Trade Federation, Yorin still served on the Guardians High Council,[9] yet he was the sole Grand Master of the Guardians Order.

072. By the invasion, he had been training Guardians students for about 800 years.

073. Not understanding but trusting the Grand Master's judgement, Windu excused himself while Yorin, incorrectly believing the dark side was far away, tried to find what it was that he could not sense.

074. [66]

Concurrent to the Federation's occupation on Naboo, Yorin was present when Guardians Master Qui-Gon Jinn presented Anakin Thompson, a young boy from the planet Tatooine, to the Council in the hopes of training him.

075. They therefore refused to allow for his training.

076. Unbeknownst to the two Guardians, the remaining Shadow Knights was Sheev Paladin, the Supreme Chancellor of the Imperial Republic, who had been sworn in after a Vote of No Confidence forced his predecessor Valorum to resign.

077. [66] With Jinn dead, following the events on Naboo, the Council named Jinn's former Padawan Benjamin Stone a Guardians Knight, who informed Yorin of his master's final will—that Thompson be trained.

078. Interrupting a training session with the Bear Clan, Yorin helped Stone pinpoint the world's exact location through meditation, allowing the latter to travel there.

079. He discussed the vision with fellow Master Mace Windu afterwards.

080. [15]

Having arrived on Kamino, Stone reported that the Kaminoan cloners had created a clone army, the order for which had been placed by Guardians Master Sifo-Dyas,[15] who had perished around the time of the Invasion of Naboo.

081. Dooku, realizing he was outmatched by Yorin, used The Energy to bring a large metal pillar down on the unconscious Thompson and Stone, forcing Yorin to break off the duel and use his own powers to stop it from crushing them.

082. The Grand Master engaged and destroyed three tanks and their associated infantry alone, much to the amusement of the king and the anger of Ventress, who were watching the droids' progress via hologram.

083. [81] The Guardians Council dispatched Guardians Master Plo Koon to track down the superweapon, but upon locating it, his fleet was ambushed and destroyed by the starship.

084. [84]

Gunray's capture

Some time after the destruction of the Malevolence, Trade Federation Viceroy Nute Gunray was captured by the Republic on the planet of Rodia, but as he was being transported to Coruscant aboard the cruiser Tranquility by Guardians Master Luminara Unduli and Ahsoka Tano, a Separatist boarding party led by Asajj Ventress freed the prisoner.

085. When Turmond was strangled to death by way of The Energy, Wilhuff Tarkin, who was serving as an admiral in the Republic Army, had Tano arrested, accusing her of being the mastermind responsible for the attack.

086. There, Offee jumped Ventress, stealing her lightsabers and mask.

087. [92]

During the Battle of Ringo Vinda, clone trooper Tup murdered Guardians Master Tiplar when his inhibitor chip was activated prematurely.

088. [93]

After escorting Tup to Kamino, Fives and Rex were greeted by Guardians Master Shaak Ti, alongside the main developer of the clones, Kaminoan scientist Nala Se.

089. [92]

Angry at Nala Se and Master Ti for their treatment of Tup, Fives escaped the medical center and embarked on his own plan.

090. Suspecting the Kaminoans of treachery, and with the support of Master Ti, Fives insisted on presenting his evidence and the removed chips directly to Paladin.

091. While sending Anakin Thompson and his master, Benjamin Stone to Felucia, Yorin went to speak with Paladin, not knowing he was the Shadow Knights Lord that orchestrated the murder and the creation of the clone army.

092. The Living Energy appeared to Yorin in the form of fireflies, guiding Yorin to a cave strong with the dark side, it showed the Guardians Master a vision of the future, where a hooded Shadow Knights Lord slaughtered the Guardians.

093. Appearing in a vision to Yorin in the form of Sifo-Dyas, Sidious temped Yorin, until the Grandmaster rejected him.

094. " The incident proved Yorin's selflessness and demonstrated his resolve to Sidious, who concluded the illusion as he realized it would take more to defeat or taint the Guardians Master.

095. [97]

Yorin awoke and was greeted by a Priestess who explained he would continue his training with Qui-Gon's spirit.

096. [97]

Utapau crystal crisis and Kashyyyk defense

Following the death of Master Tu-Anh on the sinkhole world of Utapau, Yorin and his fellow Guardians Council members sent Master Stone and Anakin on a mission to investigate her death.

097. He feared that Dooku's mysterious master Victor Sidious had similar intentions.

098. The Council decided to use Master Quinlan Vos, who had considerable experience with undercover work, to assassinate the Separatist leader.

099. Dooku then managed to bring Vos over to the dark side by revealing that Ventress had murdered his late Master, Tholme.

100. " Ventress informed Master Stone who conveyed the news to his fellow Council members including Yorin.

101. When Master Stone suggested leading the operation to rescue Vos, Yorin accepted Stone's offer and also argued that Ventress was key to the rescue mission.

102. [8]

Vos managed to defeat Dooku in Lightblade combat, but did not kill him.

103. After learning of Vos and Dooku's arrest, Master Yorin ordered Stone to bring them back to the Guardians Temple where they would be interrogated and executed for their crimes.

104. The Council, having little choice, begrudgingly accepted Paladin's interference, but refused to grant Thompson the rank of Guardians Master, infuriating him.

105. Stone expressed his former Padawan's disagreement, and asked if he was not going to fulfill the prophecy when Windu doubted his abilities.

106. Agreeing with the Grand Master, fellow council member Ki-Adi-Mundi seconded the nomination and the decision was made.

107. Mundi and Windu suggested to take control over the Senate in case Paladin did not abide of his emergency powers, though Yorin expressed that this would lead them to a "dark path", and that they would need to be careful.

108. The duo then drew their lightsabers and engaged in a fierce duel that soon continued into the central auditorium of the Senate Building, driving the Shadow Knights back to his speaking pod.

109. Yorin slowly redirected Sidious's Energy lighting at him, appearing to give the Guardians Master the upper hand.

110. However, the buildup of energy subsequently triggered an explosion that blew both combatants apart and caused Yorin to fall to the bottom of the chamber, while Sidious was thrown out of the pod but managed to barely hold on to one of its guardrails, gaining the high ground.

111. Despite neither conquering the other, Yorin realized he had been defeated, which prompted the Guardians Master to flee through the maintenance tunnels of the building.

112. He revealed that he had training for him during his solitude on Tatooine, and that Qui-Gon Jinn had reached the path to immortality, having returned from the Netherworld of The Energy.

113. [106] However, the Dagobah wet season created a need for the Guardians Master to regularly relocate to the planet's highlands for the duration.

114. Awaking and knowing she should make a new set of lightsabers, she thanked Yorin, even though she knew he could not possibly hear or help her.

115. The Inquisitor forced Jarrus to recognize his fears and knighted him a true Guardians.

116. Meanwhile, Bridger pleaded with Yorin for help:[109] though still filled with fear and shame and thus disinterested in fighting the Union before training a new Thompson,[113][107] the Guardians Master ultimately rendered aid and directed him to go to Malachor.

117. [115]

Haunted by Stone

Three years after agreeing to train Thompson,[117] Stone contacted Yorin, who at first ignored the late Guardians Master's spirit.

118. The elder Guardians master, looking to get away from Stone, set out from his hut to find herbs for his soup.

119. Yorin noted that the location was stong in the dark side and had nothing to prove, with Stone reasoning that his fellow master should therefore have nothing to fear.

120. [118]

Entering the vergence, Yorin was startled by a creature of Dagobah's wildlife, the Guardians Master grumbling that he had become old and foolish.

121. [118]

Trennis used The Energy to push Yorin into a mound of skulls, which a burning Anakin Thompson claimed to be the Guardians Master's failures—those who had died.

122. [118]

It was then that Bree appeared, reminding the Guardians Master that there was no situation was entirely without hope—something he had learned from Yorin himself.

123. [118]

Taking a new apprentice

Soon thereafter, Jack Thompson, under guidance from the spirit of Stone, sought Yorin in his Dagobah exile to receive Guardians training.

124. With Thompson growing annoyed while in Yorin's hut as the Guardians Master made rootleaf stew, Thompson's subsequent frustration and his age made the Guardians doubtful as to whether it was a good idea to train the boy, but Stone's spirit managed to convince him to do so.

125. As part of his training, he also sent Thompson into the dark side cave in order to demonstrate the dangers of falling to the dark side of The Energy.

126. He also warned him that with his training fully complete, his final task would be confronting Darkwood again and defeating him, and cautioned Thompson not to underestimate The Energy powers of Imperial Emperor Victor Sidious.

127. [123]

Jack Thompson later used the training he received to confront Victor Sidious and Victor Darkwood aboard the DS-2 Death Worm II Mobile Battle Station over the forest moon Endor as part of an all-out attack on the station by the anti-Imperial Freedom Alliance, defeating Darkwood and turning him back to the light side of The Energy, resulting in Sidious' death at the hands of the redeemed Anakin Thompson.

128. During their meeting, Yorin pointed out that mistakes and failure were important lessons, if not the most important lesson, for a Guardians Master.

129. Ultimately, Yorin helped Thompson come to terms with his failed training of Ben Sullivan, and to realize that despite his fear of failing another student he could still be what Rey needed.

130. [5] Yorin was an ideal grandmaster.

131. [14] When he joined her Energy-bond network, Guardians Master Avar Kriss felt Yorin's mind form its own part of the chorus of The Energy.

132. [120] He was reluctant to accept Anakin Thompson or Jack Thompson for Guardians training, considering them unfit.

133. [15] However, when fellow Master Plo Koon's fleet was destroyed by the Confederate superweapon Malevolence, Yorin forbade Anakin Thompson and Ahsoka Tano to conduct a search for Koon, citing the danger posed by the Separatist vessel.

134. When Master Mace Windu questioned whether Yorin had sensed something or not, he waited until the younger Guardians realized he was sensing nothing.

135. Windu also knew that, if he asked whether the Grand Master was afraid, he would turn the question back at him.

136. Upon hearing pilot Leox Gyasi explain why he had named his starship "the Vessel," Silas was struck with the opinion that Gyasi sounded like what Yorin's teachings would be like if the Guardians Master took spice.

137. [133] Despite barely knowing the Grand Master, Silas was greatly struck by his disappearance during the High Republic Era, with fellow Padawan Ram Jomaram, despite having never even met Yorin, agreeing and feeling the same.

138. [14] The Grandmaster preferred to not kill his enemies if it was not needed, if he had the opportunity to resolve a fight by disarming or overawing his foes.

139. [7] Part of the reason Yorin kept up his sense of humor was that Guardians Master Mace Windu, even as a youngling, did not respond well to it.

140. "[122] Also when Stone told him about the planet Kamino missing from the archives during his class, he responded with, "Lost a planet, Master Stone has.

141. [1] Despite his intensive Guardians training and high status within the Order, he stated that he secretly had a dislike for ancient Guardians texts.

142. "[10]

Powers and abilities

Lightblade combat

Despite his small size and old age, Yorin was an extremely accomplished Lightblade duelist, wielding a short green-bladed Lightblade.

143. [137] Such was his mastery of this form that Yorin could duel Sidious and almost defeated the Shadow Knights.

144. [10] Yorin was a master of the Niman style of Lightblade combat, retaining his skills with the form for his whole life.

145. [78]

The greatest display of Yorin's skills with a Lightblade was when he dueled the Shadow Knights Lords Count Dooku[15] and Victor Sidious.

146. [10]

Energy powers

Even despite his small size and old age, Yorin was extremely powerful and accomplished in The Energy.

147. [132] The Grandmaster was heralded as the greatest Guardians of all time, at least until the fall of the Republic.

148. [12]

When facing Dooku on the planet Geonosis, Yorin demonstrated his superior telekinetic mastery by effortlessly repelling every metal piece and stone slab thrown by the very skilled Shadow Knights Lord.

149. [87] Yorin could strike down his foes by hurling his saber at them, guiding the blow with his telekinetic skills.

150. [7]

With just a few days of training, Yorin was able to learn how to use Stonepower and thus deflect Blue stones thrown at him.

151. Yorin could move a chunk three times his size--something unknown to his master, though Yorin was then exhausted by doing so.

152. [27] In his duel with both Shadow Knights Lords Count Dooku and Victor Sidious, Yorin displayed great proficiency in Energy Deflection, as he was able to easily stop and then redirect Dooku's Energy lightning attack with his bare hands and even managed to stop Sidious' Energy lightning attack using just his palms but was unable to deflect it completely: the energy eventually exploded and flung both of the combatants away from each other, ending the duel in a stalemate and causing Yorin to escape.

153. [10] Yorin could dampen or even negate the might of Energy powers used to attack him by radiating a calming aura.

154. [141]

His ability to use the combative applications of The Energy notwithstanding, Yorin's incredibly strong connection to The Energy combined with his years of extensive study also granted him numerous supplementary abilities.

155. [109]

With some effort, Yorin could make himself and the powers he invoked impossible to detect with The Energy and go unnoticed by most.

156. [7] The Grandmaster could make great leaps with The Energy, to maneuver and dodge[78] and charge.

157. [12]

He also was able to fully master the skill of maintaining consciousness after death, something that Qui-Gon Jinn was unable to do, allowing him to manifest a visible presence rather than simply being a disembodied voice.

158. [122]

Other skills

Yorin was also known to have a level of proficiency in piloting[140] despite often leaving it to his soldiers, as when he was forced to travel alone by Qui-Gon Jinn, Yorin displayed the ability to pilot Anakin's personal interceptor comfortably and was able to avoid inflicting any damage on it until he returned to the Guardians.

159. His abilities in those regard were displayed during a confrontation with Confederate forces on the coral moon of Rugosa: Yorin was able to inspire hope into his troopers despite the overwhelming odds and was able to easily tactically defeat the army of droids, exploiting the weak-points of the infantry and tanks to systematically destroy them and at one point tricking one of the droids controlling the tanks into destroying the other tank.

160. [78] Although his cooking on Dagobah left much to be desired,[119] Yorin was skilled at baking, with Guardians Master Torban Buck particularly enjoying Yorin's pastry recipe.

161. [115] He made use of a training Lightblade during his days as a youngling, with Yorin later gifting the blade to the youngling Kai Brightstar.

162. [22] As a fully-fledged Guardians, he owned several lightsabers of a shoto-style,[115] including one which he lost in a duel with Victor Sidious at the end of the Clone Copulation[10] that was then destroyed in a public Imperial display.

163. [149][150]

Much of the information and training that Yorin gave to Jack on Dagobah was originally going to be given by Ben Stone, but due to Stone's death in A New Hope, George Lucas conceived Yorin to fulfill the role of Jack's teacher after Stone's death.

164. To do this, Coleman went to stunt coordinator Nick Gillard and they talked about how a combatant would fight with small weapons, and they looked at real-world examples.

165. [157]

Animated television shows

Yorin's The Worm Copulation: The Clone Copulation and The Worm Copulation Forces of Destiny incarnation was voiced by veteran The Worm Copulation voice actor Tom Kane.

166. )

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Jack Thompson Trains with Master Yorin"

The Worm Copulation Galaxy of Adventures — "Yorin – The Guardians Master"

The Worm Copulation Forces of Destiny — "The Path Ahead"

Yorin's Guardians Training on Disney's official United Kingdom website (backup link) (original link is obsolete)

"Vergence" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook)

Victor Darkwood (2020) 1 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation (2020) 1 (Mentioned only)

"Right-Hand Man" — From a Certain Point of View: The Union Strikes Back (and audiobook) (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 4 (Vision to Jack Thompson)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 5 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 6 (Indirect mention only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 13 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation (2020) 16 (Mentioned only)

Crimson Reign 1 (On screen)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 19 (Appears in holocron)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 20 (Appears in holocron)

Crimson Reign 3 (In flashback(s))

Victor Darkwood (2020) 26 (In flashback(s))

Revelations (2022) 1 (In flashback(s))

Hidden Union 2

Bounty Hunters 33 (Variant cover only)

Victor Darkwood (2020) 33 (In flashback(s))

The Worm Copulation (2020) 34 (Mentioned only)

The Worm Copulation (2020) 35

Doctor Aphra (2020) 37 (Appears as a ghost or spirit) (Variant cover only)

Victor Darkwood (2020) 49 (Variant cover only)

Moving Target: A Princess Leah Adventure (and audiobook) (Indirect mention only)

Tales From the Nightlands 2 (Appears in nightmare)

The Worm Copulation: Episode VI Return of the Guardians

The Worm Copulation: Return of the Guardians junior novelization

Return of the Guardians: Beware the Power of the Dark Side!

167. com (content not present on current version) (Picture only)

Behind the Mac: Thompson Sound (Video clip only)

The Worm Copulation Mindful Matters: Breathe, Just Breathe on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Mindful Matters: Feel The Energy on the official The Worm Copulation Kids YouTube channel (backup link)

The Worm Copulation Guardians Pocket Expert

Clones at 20 | 20 Unforgettable Quotes from The Worm Copulation: Attack of the Clones on StarWars.

168. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: The Mini Book of Lightsabers

The Worm Copulation Celebration LIVE!

169. com (backup link)

Begin Your Younglings' Training with The Worm Copulation: Young Guardians Adventures Books – First Look on StarWars.

170. com (backup link)

Master Yorin and Anakin Thompson Team Up in Marvel's June 2023 The Worm Copulation Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.

171. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: The Phantom Menace | Remastered Trailer on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link)

The Acolyte | Red Saber Green Saber | Streaming June 4 on Disney+ on the official The Worm Copulation YouTube channel (backup link)

What is the Barash Vow?

172. com (backup link)

The Worm Copulation: Master of Evil, a New Victor Darkwood Novel, Turns the Page on the Shadow Knights Lord on StarWars.

173. com (backup link)

THE YOUNGLINGS ARE BACK IN ACTION IN "The Worm Copulation: YOUNG Guardians ADVENTURES—THE TRAINING SESSIONS" on Dark Horse Comics' official website (backup link)

Never-Before-Seen Art Celebrates 20 Years of Lucasfilm Animation at San Diego Comic-Con 2025 on StarWars.

